Português	Inglês	Espanhol	Chinês	Árabe	Russo	Francês
10 Anos	10 Years	10 Años	10 年	10 سنوات	10 лет	10 ans
A data de aniversário deve ser menor que hoje.	The date of birth must be earlier than the current date.	La fecha de aniversario debe ser menor que hoy.	出生日期必須早于當前日期。	يجب أن يكون تاريخ الميلاد أقدم من التاريخ الحالي.	Дата рождения должна предшествовать сегодняшнему дню.	La date de naissance doit être antérieure à aujourd'hui
A desativação da conta desabilitará o seu perfil. Você não poderá mais ajudar sua comunidade ou acompanhar como anda a sua saúde e dos integrantes do seu domicílio a menos que a conta seja reativada. Deseja continuar?	Deactivating the account will disable your profile. You will no longer be able tohelp the community orkeep track of your health or the health of your household members unless the account is reactivated.Would you like tocontinue?	La desactivación de la cuenta deshabilitará su perfil. Usted ya no podrá ayudar su comunidad ni ver cómo está su salud y la de los integrantes de su domicilio a menos que la cuenta sea reactivada. ¿Desea continuar?	停用帳戶將禁用您的設定檔。如果您不重新啟動該帳戶您將不再能夠幫助社區或監測您的健康或您家庭成員的健康情況，。繼續？	سيؤدي إلغاء تنشيط الحساب إلى تعطيل ملف تعريفك. لن تكون قادرًا على مساعدة المجتمع أو تتبع صحتك أو صحة أحد أفراد عائلتك بعد الآن ما لم يتم إعادة تنشيط حسابك. هل تريد المتابعة؟	Дезактивация вашего счёта отключит ваш профиль. Вы больше не сможете помогать сообществу или отслеживать, в каком состоянии находится ваше здоровье и членов вашей семьи, если только счёт не будет возобновлён. Вы хотите продолжить?	La désactivation du compte désactivera votre profil. Vous ne pourrez plus aider la communauté ou suivre votre santé et celle de vos proches à moins que votre compte ne soit réactivé. Voulez-vous continuer ?
A idade máxima para o usuário principal é 120 anos.	The maximum age limit of the primary user is 120 years.	La edad máxima para el usuario principal es 120 años.	主使用者的最高年齡限制是 120 歲。	أقصى حد عمري للمستخدم الرئيسي هو 120 عامًا.	Максимальный возраст для основного пользователя - 120 лет.	L'âge maximum pour l'utilisateur principal est de 120 ans.
A idade mínima para o usuário principal é 13 anos.	The minimum age limit of the primary user is 13 years.	La edad mínima para el usuario principal es 13 años.	主使用者的最低年齡限制是 13 歲。	أدنى حد عمري للمستخدم الرئيسي هو 13 عامًا.	Минимальный возраст для основного пользователя - 13 лет.	L'âge minimum pour l'utilisateur principal est de 13 ans.
A pontuação é equivalente a cada fase desbloqueada por todos os usuários levando em conta sua nacionalidade.	The score indicates each phase unlocked by all users, based on their respective country of origin.	La puntuación es equivalente a cada fase desbloqueada por todos los usuarios tomando en cuenta su país de origen.	評分表示由所有使用者，基於其各自的國籍，解除鎖定的每個階段。	تشير النتيجة إلى أن كل مرحلة مفتوحة لكل المستخدمين، وفقًا لجنسيتهم.	Счет эквивалентен каждой разблокированной фазе всеми пользователями с учетом их национальной принадлежности.	Les points correspondent à chaque étape débloquée par tous les utilisateurs en fonction de leur nationalité.
A senha deve ter mais de 6 caracteres.	The password must have more than 6 characters.	La contraseña debe tener más de 6 caracteres.	密碼必須超過 6 個字。	يجب أن تحتوي كلمة المرور على أكثر من 6 أحرف.	Пароль должен быть больше 6 символов.	Le mot de passe doit contenir plus de 6 caractères.
A senha e a confirmação devem ser iguais.	The password and confirmed password must be the same.	La contraseña y la confirmación deben ser iguales.	密碼和確認密碼必須相同。	يجب أن تكون كلمة المرور والتأكيد متماثلتين.	Пароль и подтверждение должны быть идентичны.	Le mot de passe et la confirmation doivent être identiques
Abr	Apr	Abr	4 月	أبريل	Апр	Avr
Abril	April	Abril	4 月	أبريل	Апрель	Avril
Aceito	Accepted	Acepto	已接受	مقبول	Принимаю	J’accepte
Acompanhe em tempo real a situação da saúde perto de você.	Follow the health conditions near you in real time.	Siga en tiempo real la situación de la salud cerca de usted.	實時遵循您附近的醫療狀態。	تابع حالة الرعاية الصحية بالقرب منك في الوقت المناسب.	Отслеживайте в режиме реального времени ситуацию в области здравоохранения рядом с вами.	Suivez en temps réel la situation de Santé dans vos environs.
Acompanhe os casos de doenças em seu bairro ou em um determinado local.	Keep track of diseases in your neighborhood or at a specific location.	Siga los casos de enfermedades en su barrio o en un determinado local.	监测您的鄰居或在特定位置的疾病狀態。	تابع حالة الأمراض الموجودة في الحي الخاص بك في موقع معين.	Следите за случаями заболеваний в вашем районе или в определенном месте.	Suivez les cas de maladie dans votre quartier ou à un endroit donné.
Adicionar Integrante	Add Member	Adicionar Integrante	添加成員	إضافة عضو	Добавить Участника	Ajouter un membre
Afeganistão	Afghanistan	Afganistán	阿富汗	أفغانستان	Афганистан	Afghanistan
África do Sul	South Africa	Sudáfrica	南非	جنوب أفريقيا	Южная Африка	Afrique du Sud
Ago	Aug	Ago	8 月	أغسطس	Авг	Août
Agora não	Not now	Ahora no	不是現在	ليس الآن	Не сейчас	Pas maintenant
Agosto	August	Agosto	8 月	أغسطس	Август	Août
Ajuda	Help	Ayuda	幫助	تعليمات	Помощь	Aide
Albânia	Albania	Albania	阿爾巴尼亞	ألبانيا	Албания	Albanie
Além de conter dicas relevantes sobre cuidados com a saúde, prevenção de doenças e vacinação, o Guardião localiza as UPAs e farmácias mais próximas, com auxílio de mapas.	In addition to providing important health tips, disease prevention, and vaccines, the Guardian also locates and maps the nearest UPAs (emergency healthcare centers)and drugstores.	Además de contener consejos relevantes sobre cuidados con la salud, prevención de enfermedades y vacunación, el Guardián localiza las UPAs y farmacias más cercanas, con la ayuda de mapas.	除了提供保健、預防疾病和疫苗的重要提示，《衛士》也搜寻最近的緊急醫療中心和藥店。	بالإضافة إلى تقديم نصائح هامة حول الرعاية الصحية والوقاية من الأمراض واللقاحات، يحدد تطبيق المدير أيضًا الموقع ويوضح خريطة أقرب UPA والصيدليات.	Помимо советов советы по медико-санитарной помощи, профилактике заболеваний и вакцинации, Страж, с помощью карт, находит Пункты Скорой Помощи и ближайшие аптеки.	En plus de contenir des conseils judicieux sur la santé, la prévention des maladies et la vaccination, le Gardien localise, à l'aide de cartes, les urgences et les pharmacies les plus proches.
Alemanha	Germany	Alemania	德國	ألمانيا	Германия	Allemagne
Algumas farmácias podem não ser exibidas no mapa.	Some drugstores may not be shown on the map.	Algunas farmacias pueden no exhibirse en el mapa.	有些藥店可能不顯示在地圖。	قد لا تظهر بعض الصيدليات على الخريطة.	Некоторые аптеки могут не отображаться на карте.	Certaines pharmacies peuvent ne pas s'afficher sur la carte.
Alguns sinais e sintomas serão apresentados na próxima tela caso a opção "Mal" seja selecionada.	Some signs and symptoms are shown in the next screen if the “Ill” option is selected.	Algunas señales y síntomas se presentarán en la próxima pantalla en caso de que la opción "Mal" sea seleccionada.	如果啟用了"生病"選項，有些跡象和症狀在下一螢幕中顯示。	يتم عرض بعض العلامات والأعراض في الشاشة التالية عند تمكين الخيار "المرض".	Некоторые признаки и симптомы будут отображаться на следующем экране, если выбрана опция «Плохо».	Certains signes et symptômes seront présentés sur l'écran suivant si l'option « Mal » est sélectionnée.
Amarelo	Yellow	Amarillo	黃色	أصفر	Жёлтый	Jaune
Andorra	Andorra	Andorra	安道爾	أندورا	Андорра	Andorre
Android 4.4 ou superior	Android 4.4 or higher	Android 4.4 o superior	Android 4.4 或更新版本	نظام التشغيل Android 4.4 أو أحدث	Android 4.4 и выше	Android 4.4 ou supérieur
Angola	Angola	Angola	安哥拉	أنغوﻻ	Ангола	Angola
Anguilla	Anguilla	Anguila	安圭拉	أنغويلا	Ангилья	Anguilla
Antártida	Antarctica	Antártida	南極洲	القارة القطبية الجنوبية	Антарктида	Antarctique
Antígua e Barbuda	Antigua and Barbuda	Antigua y Barbuda	安地卡及巴布達	أنتيغوا وباربودا	Антигуа и Барбуда	Antigua et Barbuda
Ao excluir o perfil do integrante do domicílio, todas as informações serão perdidas.	All related information will be lost after deleting a household member’s profile.	Al excluir el perfil del integrante del domicilio, toda la información se perderá.	家庭成員的設定檔刪除後，所有相關資訊將會丟失。	ستُفقد جميع المعلومات ذات الصلة بعد حذف ملف تعريف أحد أفراد الأسرة.	При удалении профиля члена семьи, вся информация будет потеряна.	En supprimant le profil dùun proche, toutes les informations seront perdues.
Apelido	Nickname	Apodo	昵稱	الاسم المستعار	Фамилия	Surnom
Apelido é um campo obrigatório	Nickname is a required field	Apodo es un campo obligatorio	昵稱是必填欄位	الاسم المستعار حقل مطلوب	Фамилия является обязательной ячейкой	Surnom est un champ obligatoire
Apenas os campos habilitados poderão ser alterados.	Only enabled fields can be edited.	Sólo los campos habilitados podrán ser alterados.	僅啟用的欄位可以編輯。	يمكن تعديل الحقول الممكنة فقط.	Только активированные ячейки могут быть изменены.	Seuls les champs activés peuvent être changés.
App Store	App Store	App Store	應用程式商店	متجر التطبيقات	App Store	App Store
Arábia Saudita	Saudi Arabia	Arabia Saudita	沙烏地阿拉伯	السعودية	Саудовская Аравия	Arabie Saoudite
Argélia	Algeria	Argelia	阿爾及利亞	الجزائر	Алжир	Algérie
Argentina	Argentina	Argentina	阿根廷	الأرجنتين	Аргентина	Argentine
Armênia	Armenia	Armenia	亞美尼亞	أرمينيا	Армения	Arménie
Aruba	Aruba	Aruba	阿路巴	أروبا	Aruba	Aruba
As senhas não estão iguais.	The passwords are not the same.	Las contraseñas no son iguales.	密碼不相同。	كلمات المرور غير متطابقة.	Пароли не совпадают.	Les mots de passe sont différents.
As síndromes são conjuntos de manifestações clínicas comuns a um número de doenças, entre elas:	Syndromes are groups of clinical signs common to a number of diseases, including:	Las síndromes son conjuntos de manifestaciones clínicas comunes a un número de enfermedades, entre ellas:	綜合征是許多疾病常見的一組臨床症狀，包括 ︰	الأعراض هي مجموعة من العلامات المرضية الشائعة لعدد من الأمراض، وتشتمل على:	Синдромы являются общим набором клинических проявлений ряда заболеваний, в том числе:	Les syndromes sont des ensembles de signes cliniques communs à un certain nombre de maladies, comme par exemple :
Assim, você contribui ativamente com a vigilância em saúde no Brasil. Ajude a melhorar a saúde da sua comunidade.	You can actively contribute to health surveillance in Brazil. Help improve the health conditions in your community.	De esta manera, usted contribuye activamente a la vigilancia en salud en Brasil. Ayude a mejorar la salud de su comunidad.	您可以積極促進巴西的健康監護。幫助提高您的社區的醫療服務。	يمكنك المساهمة بفاعلية في الرقابة الصحية في البرازيل. ساعد على تحسين الرعاية الصحية في مجتمعك.	Таким образом, вы активно вносите свой вклад в наблюдение за состоянием здоровья в Бразилии. Помогите улучшить здоровье своего сообщества.	Ainsi, vous contribuez activement à la surveillance de la santé au Brésil. Participez à l’amélioration de la santé de votre collectivité.
Assunto	Subject	Asunto	主題	الموضوع	Тема	Sujet
Assunto e/ou mensagem não informados.	Subject and/or message not provided.	Asunto y/o mensaje no informados.	未提供主題和/或消息。	لم يتم تقديم الموضوع و/أو الرسالة.	Тема и/или сообщение не были указаны.	Sujet et/ou message non informés
Atenção: Os sintomas informados podem estar relacionados ao Zika vírus. Procure a Unidade de Pronto Atendimento mais próxima.	Attention: The symptoms reported may be related to infection by Zika virus. Seek out healthcare at the nearest Emergency Care Unit.	Atención: Los síntomas informados pueden estar relacionados al virus Zika. Busque la Unidad de Urgencias más cercana.	注意 ︰報告的症狀可能與寨卡病毒感染有關。尋求最近緊急護理單位的援助。	انتبه: الأعراض التي تم الإبلاغ عنها قد تكون مرتبطة بالإصابة بفيروس زيكا. اطلب المساعدة في أقرب وحدة رعاية طوارئ.	Внимание: Указанные симптомы могут быть связаны с вирусом Зика. Найдите ближайший Пункт Скорой Помощи.	Attention : Les symptômes rapportés peuvent être apparentés au virus Zika. Dirigez-vous vers le service des urgences le plus proche.
Atenção: Procure a Unidade de Pronto Atendimento mais próxima.	Attention: Seek out healthcare at the nearest Emergency Care Unit.	Atención: Busque la Unidad de Urgencias más cercana.	注意 ︰尋求最近緊急護理單位的援助。	انتبه: اطلب المساعدة في أقرب وحدة رعاية طوارئ.	Внимание: Найдите ближайший Пункт Скорой Помощи.	Attention : Dirigez-vous vers le service des urgences le plus proche pour une assistnce médical
Atleta / Delegação	Athlete / Delegation	Atleta / Delegación	運動員 / 代表團	رياضي/بعثة	Спортсмен / Делегация	Athlète/Délégation
Atletismo	Athletics	Atletismo	竞技	الألعاب الرياضية	Легкая атлетика	Athlétisme
Austrália	Australia	Australia	澳大利亞	أستراليا	Австралия	Australie
Áustria	Austria	Austria	奧地利	النمسا	Австрия	Autriche
Avó	Grandmother	Abuela	祖母	جدة	Бабушка	Grand-mère
Avô	Grandfather	Abuelo	祖父	جد	Дедушка	Grand-père
Azerbaijão	Azerbaijan	Azerbaiyán	亞塞拜然	أذربيجان	Азербайджан	Azerbaïdjan
Badminton	Badminton	Bádminton	羽毛球	تنس الريشة	Бадминтон	Badminton
Bahamas	Bahamas	Bahamas	巴哈馬	جزر البهاما	Багамские Острова	Bahamas
Bahrein	Bahrain	Bahréin	巴林	البحرين	Бахрейн	Bahreïn
Bangladesh	Bangladesh	Bangladesh	孟加拉國	بنغلاديش	Бангладеш	Bangladesh
Barbados	Barbados	Barbados	巴巴多斯	باربادوس	Барбадос	Barbade
Basquetebol	Basketball	Baloncesto	籃球	كرة السلة	Баскетбол	Basketball
Bélgica	Belgium	Bélgica	比利時	بلجيكا	Бельгия	Belgique
Belize	Belize	Belice	貝里斯	بليز	Белиз	Belize
Bem	Good	Bien	健康	الصحة	Хорошо	Bien
Bem vindo ao Dicas de Saúde / Aqui você poderá pesquisar informações importantes para seu bem estar.	Welcome to Health Tips / Use this area to search for important information for your well-being.	Bienvenido a Consejos de Salud / Aquí usted podrá buscar información importante para su bienestar.	歡迎來到健康小貼士/使用此區域搜索有關您的健康的重要資訊。	مرحبًا بكم في نصائح عن الصحة / استخدم هذه الساحة للبحث عن معلومات هامة لصحتك.	Добро пожаловать в Советы для Здоровья / Здесь вы можете найти важную информацию для вашего хорошего самочувствия.	Bienvenue à Conseils Santé / Ici vous pourrez trouver des informations importantes pour votre bien-être.
Bem-vindo a nossa pista de corrida! Arraste para saber mais sobre como jogar.	Welcome to our race track! Swipe to learn more about how to play.	¡Bienvenido a nuestra pista de carreras! Arrastre para saber más sobre cómo jugar.	歡迎來到我們賽道 ！刷卡以瞭解更多關於如何玩游戲。	مرحبًا بكم في حلبة السباق الخاصة بنا! اسحب للتعرف على المزيد حول كيفية التشغيل.	Добро пожаловать на нашу беговую дорожку! Перетащите, чтобы узнать больше о том, как играть.	Bienvenue sur notre piste de course ! Faites glisser pour en savoir plus sur la façon de jouer.
Bem-vindo, nós sentimos a sua falta!	Welcome back, we missed you!	Bienvenido, ¡lo echamos de menos!	歡迎回來，我們想念您 ！	مرحبًا بكم مرة أخرى، نفتقدكم!	Добро пожаловать, нам вас не хватало!	Bienvenue, vous nous avez manqué !
Bem-vindo!	Welcome!	¡Bienvenido!	歡迎 ！	مرحبًا!	Добро пожаловать!	Bienvenue !
Benin	Benin	Benín	貝寧	بنين	Бенин	Bénin
Bermudas	Bermuda	Bermudas	百慕達	برمودا	Бермудские острова	Bermudes
Bielorrússia	Belarus	Bielorrusia	白俄羅斯	روسيا البيضاء	Беларусь	Biélorussie
Bisavó	Great-grandmother	Bisabuela	曾祖母	أم الجدة	Прабабушка	Arrière-grand-mère
Bisavô	Great-grandfather	Bisabuelo	曾祖父	أم الجد	Прадед	Arrière-grand-père
Bisneta	Great-granddaughter	Bisnieta	曾孙女	ابنة الحفيد	Правнучка	Arrière petite-fille
Bisneto	Great-grandson	Bisnieto	曾孫子	ابن الحفيد	Правнук	Arrière petite-fils
Bolívia	Bolivia	Bolivia	玻利維亞	بوليفيا	Боливия	Bolivie
Bombeiro Civil	Firefighter	Bombero Civil	消防員	رجل الإطفاء	Гражданский пожарным	Pompier civil
Bósnia e Herzegovina	Bosnia and Herzegovina	Bosnia y Herzegovina	波士尼亞和黑塞哥維那	البوسنة والهرسك	Босния и Герцеговина	Bosnie-Herzégovine
Botsuana	Botswana	Botsuana	博茨瓦納	بوتسوانا	Ботсвана	Botswana
Boxe	Boxing	Box	拳击	الملاكمة	Бокс	Boxe
Branco	White	Blanco	白色	أبيض	Белый	Blanc
Brunei	Brunei	Brunei	汶萊	بروناي	Бруней	Brunei
Bulgária	Bulgaria	Bulgaria	保加利亞	بلغاريا	Болгария	Bulgarie
Burquina Faso	Burkina Faso	Burquina Faso	布吉納法索	بوركينا فاسو	Буркина-Фасо	Burkina Faso
Burundi	Burundi	Burundi	蒲隆地	بروناي	Бурунди	Burundi
Butão	Bhutan	Bután	不丹	بوتان	Бутан	Bhoutan
Cabo Verde	Cape Verde	Cabo Verde	維德角	جمهورية الرأس الأخضر	Кабо-Верде	Cap-Vert
Cada fase contém um quebra-cabeça. Complete-o para passar de fase.	Each phase contains a puzzle. Complete it to advance to the next phase.	Cada fase contiene un rompecabezas. Complételo para pasar de fase.	每個階段都包含一個謎題。完成它以推進到下一個階段。	تحتوي كل مرحلة على لغز. أكمل اللغز للانتقال إلى المرحلة التالية.	Каждая фаза содержит задачку. Завершите, чтобы перейти к другому этапу.	Chaque étape contient un puzzle. Complétez-le pour passer à l’étape suivante
Cadastre-se	Sign up	Regístrese	登錄	تسجيل الاشتراك	Регистрация	Inscrivez-vous
Cadastre-se rapidamente com:	Sign up quickly with:	Regístrese rápidamente con:	快速登錄 ︰	تسجيل الاشتراك سريعًا باستخدام:	Быстрая регистрация с:	Inscrivez-vous rapidement avec :
Cadastro não encontrado!	Registration not found!	¡Registro no encontrado!	找不到註冊信息 ！	لم يتم العثور على التسجيل!	Регистрация не найдена!	Inscription non trouvée !
Cadastro realizado anteriormente com essa rede social.	Previous registration found for this social network.	Registro realizado anteriormente con esa red social.	找到了上次在這個社交網路上的註冊信息。	تم العثور على تسجيل سابق لهذه الشبكة الاجتماعية.	Ранее заполненный кадастр с этой социальной сети.	Vous vous êtes déjà inscrit à ce réseau social
Calendário	Calendar	Calendario	日曆	التقويم	Календарь	Calendrier
Camboja	Cambodia	Camboya	柬埔寨	كمبوديا	Камбоджа	Cambodge
Canadá	Canada	Canadá	加拿大	كندا	Канада	Canada
Cancelar	Cancel	Cancelar	取消	إلغاء	Отменить	Annuler
Canoagem Slalom	Canoe Slalom	Piragüismo de Slalom	皮划艇激流迴旋	سباق التعرج المائي	Гребной Слалом	Slalom (canoë-kayak)
Canoagem Velocidade	Canoe Sprint	Canotaje de velocidad	獨木舟衝刺	سباق القوارب	Скоростная Гребля	Canoë-kayak vitesse
Caso você tenha encontrado alguma dificuldade em utilizar o Guardiões da Saúde, preencha o formulário abaixo e envie sua mensagem para nossa equipe de especialistas.	If you have any trouble using the Guardians of Health app, please fill out the form below and send it to our team of experts.	En caso de que usted haya encontrado alguna dificultad en utilizar Guardianes de la Salud, rellene el formulario de abajo y envíe su mensaje a nuestro equipo de especialistas.	如果在使用健康衛士應用程式時有任何问题，請填寫下面的表單並將其發送給我們的專家團隊。	إذا كنت تواجه أي مشكلة في استخدام تطبيق "مدير الصحة"، يرجى تعبئة النموذج التالي وإرساله إلى فريق الخبراء لدينا.	Если вы обнаружили какие-либо трудности с использованием приложения «Стражи Здоровья», заполните форму ниже и отправьте сообщение нашей команде специалистов.	Si vous avez rencontré des difficultés d’utilisation de l'application Gardiens de la Santé, veuillez remplir le formulaire ci-dessous et envoyez votre message à notre équipe d'experts.
Catar	Qatar	Qatar	卡塔爾	قطر	Катар	Qatar
Cazaquistão	Kazakhstan	Kazajstán	哈薩克斯坦	كازاخستان	Казахстан	Kazakhstan
Chade	Chad	Chad	乍得	تشاد	Чад	Tchad
Chile	Chile	Chile	智利	شيلي	Чили	Chili
China	China	China	中國	الصين	Китай	Chine
Chipre	Cyprus	Chipre	賽普勒斯	قبرص	Кипр	Chypre
Ciclismo BMX	BMX Cycling	Ciclismo BMX	登山自行車	سباق الدراجات الهوائية	Велосипедный Мотокросс	Cyclisme BMX
Ciclismo de Estrada	Road Cycling	Ciclismo de Carretera	公路自行車	ركوب الدراجات على الطرق	Дорожный Велоспорт	Cyclisme sur route
Ciclismo de Mountain Bike	Mountain Bike Cycling	Ciclismo de Mountain Bike	山地自行車	ركوب الدراجات على الجبال	Горный Велоспорт	VTT
Ciclismo de Pista	Track Cycling	Ciclismo de Pista	場地自行車	ركوب الدراجات في المضمار	Велотрек	Cyclisme sur piste
Cidade do Vaticano	Vatican City	Ciudad del Vaticano	梵蒂岡城	مدينة الفاتيكان	Ватикан	Cité du Vatican
Cidades mais acessadas	Most popular cities	Ciudades más accedidas	最受歡迎的城市	المدن الأكثر شعبية	Наиболее посещаемые города	Villes les plus fréquentées
Cingapura	Singapore	Singapur	新加坡	سنغافورة	Сингапур	Singapour
Coceira	Itching	Comezón	瘙癢	حكة	Зуд	Démangeaisons
Colecione figurinhas dos esportes olímpicos após concluir cada fase!	Collect Olympic sports stickers after completing each phase!	¡Coleccione estampitas de los deportes olímpicos después de concluir cada fase!	在完成每個階段後收集奧林匹克運動貼紙 ！	جمع ملصقات الرياضيات الأولمبية بعد الانتهاء من كل مرحلة!	Собирайте фигурки олимпийских видов спорта после завершения каждого этапа!	Collectionnez des figurines des sports olympiques après avoir terminé chaque étape.
Colômbia	Colombia	Colombia	哥倫比亞	كولومبيا	Колумбия	Colombie
Como está a saúde de ... nesse momento?	How is your health now?	¿Cómo está su salud en este momento?	現在你的健康是如何？	كيف حال صحة.. في هذه اللحظة؟	Как себя чувствует ... прямо сейчас?	Comment va la santé de... en ce moment ?
Como está sua saúde nesse momento?	How is your health now?	¿Cómo está su salud en este momento?	現在你的健康是如何？	كيف حال صحتك في هذه اللحظة؟	Как вы себя чувствуете прямо сейчас?	Comment va votre santé en ce moment ?
Como está sua saúde?	How is your health?	¿Cómo está su salud?	您的健康是如何？	كيف حال صحتك؟	Как ваше здоровье?	Comment va votre santé ?
Como Funciona?	How does it work?	¿Cómo Funciona?	如何使用？	ما هي طريقة العمل؟	Как это Работает?	Comment ça marche ?
Como jogar	How to play	Cómo jugar	如何游戲	كيفية اللعب	Как играть?	Comment jouer
Como Participar	How to join	Cómo Participar	如何加入	كيفية الانضمام	Как Принять Участие	Comment participer
Comores	Comoros	Comoras	科摩羅	جزر القمر	Коморские острова	Comores
Concluir	Complete	Concluir	完成	إكمال	Завершить	Terminer
Concordo com os Termos de Uso.	I agree to the Terms of Use.	Estoy de acuerdo con los Términos de Uso.	我同意使用條款。	أوافق على شروط الاستخدام.	Я согласен с Условиями Использования.	J'accepte les Conditions d'Utilisation.
Configurações	Settings	Configuraciones	設置	إعدادات	Настройки	Paramètres
Confirmar	Confirm	Confirmar	確認	تأكيد	Подтвердите	Confirmer
Congo - Brazzaville	Congo - Brazzaville	Congo - Brazzaville	剛果-布拉柴維爾	الكونغو - برازافيل	Конго - Браззавиль	Congo-Brazzaville
Congo - Kinshasa	Congo - Kinshasa	Congo - Kinshasa	剛果-金夏沙	الكونغو - كينشاسا	Конго - Киншаса	Congo-Kinshasa
Cônjuge	Spouse	Conyugue	配偶	الزوج	Супруг	Conjoint
Continuar	Continue	Continuar	繼續	متابعة	Продолжить	Continuer
Continue informando diariamente como está sua saúde.	Continue reporting your daily health status.	Siga informando diariamente cómo está su salud.	繼續報告您每日的健康情況。	تابع إبلاغ حالتك الصحية اليومية.	Продолжайте сообщать ежедневно, о вашем самочувствии.	Continuer à informer quotidiennement votre état de santé.
Convide seus amigos para serem Guardiões da Saúde.	Invite your friends to joinGuardians of Health.	Invite a sus amigos a ser Guardianes de la Salud.	邀請您的朋友成為健康衛士。	ادع أصدقائك للاشتراك في تطبيق مدير الصحة.	Пригласите своих друзей стать Стражами Здоровья.	Invitez vos amis à devenir des Gardiens de la Santé.
Cor/Raça	Color/Race	Color/Raza	膚色/種族	اللون/العرق	Цвет Кожи / Раса	Couleur/Race
Cor/Raça é um campo obrigatório	Color/Race is a required field	Color/Raza es un campo obligatorio	膚色/種族是必填欄位	اللون/العرق حقل مطلوب	Цвет Кожи / Раса является обязательной ячейкой	Couleur/Race est un champ obligatoire
Coreia do Norte	North Korea	Corea del Norte	北朝鲜	كوريا الشمالية	Северная Корея	Corée du Nord
Coreia do Sul	South Korea	Corea del Sur	韓國	كوريا الجنوبية	Южная Корея	Corée du Sud
Corrida	Race	Carrera	競賽	العرق	Гонка	Course
Costa do Marfim	Ivory Coast	Costa de Marfil	象牙海岸	ساحل العاج	Берег Слоновой Кости	Côte d'Ivoire
Costa Rica	Costa Rica	Costa Rica	哥斯大黎加	كوستاريكا	Коста-Рика	Costa Rica
Croácia	Croatia	Croacia	克羅地亞	كرواتيا	Хорватия	Croatie
Cuba	Cuba	Cuba	古巴	كوبا	Куба	Cuba
Cuidados Básicos	Basic Care	Cuidados Básicos	基本護理	الرعاية الأساسية	Общий Уход	Soins de base
Curaçau	Curaçao	Curazao	古拉梳島	كوراساو	Кюрасао	Curaçao
Data de Nascimento	Date of Birth	Fecha de Nacimiento	出生日期	تاريخ الميلاد	Дата Рождения	Date de naissance
Data de Nascimento é um campo obrigatório	Date of Birth is a required field.	Fecha de Nacimiento es un campo obligatorio	出生日期是必填欄位	تاريخ الميلاد حقل مطلوب	Дата Рождения является обязательной ячейкой	Date de naissance est un champ obligatoire
Defesa Civil	Civil Defense	Defensa Civil	民防	الدفاع المدني	Гражданская Защита	Défense civile
Deletar	Delete	Suprimir	刪除	حذف	Удалить	Supprimer
Dengue, Zika e Chikungunya	Dengue fever, Zika and Chikungunya	Dengue, Zika y Chikungunya	登革熱、寨卡 和基孔肯亞病	حمى الضنك، وزيكا، وشيكونجونيا	Денге, Чикунгунья и Зика	Dengue, Zika et Chikungunya
Desativar sua conta	Deactivate your account	Desactivar su cuenta	停用您的帳戶	إلغاء تنشيط حسابك	Отключить свой аккаунт	Désactiver son compte
Descreva o problema	Describe the problem	Describa el problema	描述問題	صف المشكلة	Опишите проблему	Décrivez le problème
Deseja abrir o link da notícia?	Open the news article link?	¿Desea abrir el link de la noticia?	打開新聞文章連結？	هل تريد فتح رابط مقالة الأخبار؟	Чтобы открыть ссылку новостей?	Souhaitez-vous ouvrir le lien de l’info ?
Deseja enviar suas informações?	Send your information?	¿Desea enviar su información?	發送您的資訊？	هل تريد إرسال معلوماتك؟	Вы хотите отправить свою информацию?	Souhaitez-vous envoyer vos informations ?
Deseja registrar suas informações?	Register your information?	¿Desea registrar su información?	註冊您的資訊？	هل تريد تسجيل معلوماتك؟	Вы хотите зарегистрировать свою информацию?	Souhaitez-vous enregistrer vos informations ?
Deseja remover o perfil definitivamente?	Permanently delete the profile?	¿Desea remover el perfil definitivamente?	永久刪除該設定檔？	هل تريد حذف ملف التعريف بشكل دائم؟	Вы хотите навсегда удалить профиль?	Souhaitez-vous supprimer définitivement le profil ?
Deseja remover o perfil definitivamente? Essa operação é irreversível.	Permanently delete the profile? This operation is irreversible.	¿Desea remover el perfil definitivamente? Esta operación es irreversible.	永久刪除該設定檔？此操作不可逆。	هل تريد حذف ملف التعريف بشكل دائم؟ لا يمكن التراجع عن هذه العملية.	Вы хотите навсегда удалить профиль? Эта операция необратима	Souhaitez-vous supprimer définitivement le profil ? Cette opération est irréversible.
Dez	Dec	Diez	12 月	ديسمبر	Дек	Dix
Dezembro	December	Diciembre	12 月	ديسمبر	Декабрь	Décembre
Diário da Saúde	Health Journal	Diario de Salud	健康日記	المجلة الصحية	Дневник Здоровья	Quotidien de la Santé
Diarreia	Diarrhea	Diarrea	腹瀉	إسهال	Диарея	La diarrhée
Diarreica	Diarrheal	Diarreica	腹瀉型	مصاب بالإسهار	Вызывающий диарею	Diarrhéique
Diarreica (febre e náusea ou vômito, além de algum destes sintomas: dores no corpo ou dor de cabeça)	Diarrheic (fever and nausea or vomiting, as well as any of the following symptoms: body pains or headaches)	Diarreica (fiebre y nausea o vómito, además de alguno de estos síntomas: dolores en el cuerpo o dolor de cabeza)	腹瀉型 (發燒和噁心或嘔吐，以及任何以下症狀 ︰ 身體痛或頭痛)	المصاب بالإسهال (يعاني من الحمى والغثيان أو القيء، فضلاً عن أي من الأعراض التالية: آلام في الجسم أو الصداع)	Вызывающий диарею (лихорадка, тошнота или рвота, и любой другой из этих симптомов: боли в теле или головная боль)	Maladie diarrhéique (fièvre et nausées ou vomissements, accompagné d'un ou plusieurs de ces symptômes : maux de tête ou douleurs dans le corps)
Dicas	Tips	Consejos	小貼士	نصائح	Советы	Conseils
Dicas de Saúde	Health Tips	Consejos de Salud	健康小貼士	نصائح صحية	Советы для Здоровья	Conseils Santé
Digite aqui a sua mensagem.	Enter your message here.	Digite aquí su mensaje.	在此輸入信息。	أدخل رسالتك هنا.	Введите здесь своё сообщение.	Tapez ici votre message.
Digite seu e-mail e verifique a sua caixa de entrada.	Enter your email address and check your inbox.	Digite su e-mail y verifique su buzón de entrada.	輸入您的電子郵件地址，並檢查您的收件匣。	أدخل عنوان بريدك الإلكتروني وتحقق من صندوق بريدك.	Введите адрес электронной почты и проверьте свой почтовый ящик.	Entrez votre adresse e-mail et vérifiez votre boîte de réception.
Dinamarca	Denmark	Dinamarca	丹麥	الدانمارك	Дания	Danemark
Divirta-se	Have fun	Diviértase	玩得愉快	استمتع	Получайте удовольствие	Amusez-vous
Djibuti	Djibouti	Yibuti	吉布地	جيبوتي	Джибути	Djibouti
Dom	Sun	Dom	太陽	الأحد	Воскр	DOM
Domingo	Sunday	Domingo	星期日	الأحد	Воскресенье	Dimanche
Dominica	Dominica	Dominica	多米尼克	دومينيكا	Доминика	Dominique
Dor de cabeça	Headache	Dolor de cabeza	頭痛	صداع	Головная боль	Les maux de tête
Dor de garganta	Sore throat	Dolor de garganta	喉嚨痛	التهاب في الحلق	Боль в горле	Mal de gorge
Dor nas juntas	Joint pain	Dolor en las articulaciones	關節痛	ألم في المفاصل	Боль в суставах	Les douleurs articulaires
Dor no corpo	Body aches	Dolor en el cuerpo	全身酸痛	آلام في الجسم	Боль в теле	Douleur dans le corps
É necessário estar conectado para acessar esta função. Por favor, verifique sua rede!	You must be logged in to use this feature. Check your network connection.	Es necesario estar conectado para acceder a esta función. Por favor, ¡verifique su red!	您必須登錄才能使用此功能。請檢查您的網路連接。	يجب أن تكون سجلت الدخول لاستخدام هذه الميزة. تحقق من اتصال شبكتك.	Вы должны быть подключены для того, чтобы иметь доступ к этой функции. Пожалуйста, проверьте сеть!	Vous devez être connecté pour accéder à cette fonction. S'il vous plaît, vérifiez votre réseau !
E-mail	Email	E-mail	電子郵件	البريد الإلكتروني	Электронная почта	E-mail
E-mail é um campo obrigatório	Email is a required field.	E-mail es un campo obligatorio	電子郵件是必填欄位	البريد الإلكتروني حقل مطلوب	Электронная почта является обязательной ячейкой	E-mail est un champ obligatoire
E-mail e/ou senha não informados	Email and/or password not provided	E-mail y/o contraseña no informados	未提供電子郵件和/或密碼	لم يتم توفير البريد الإلكتروني و/أو كلمة المرور	Электронная почта и/или пароль не были указаны	E-mail et/ou mot de passe non informés
E-mail enviado com sucesso.	Email successfully sent.	E-mail enviado con éxito.	成功發送電子郵件。	تم إرسال البريد الإلكتروني بنجاح.	Письмо по электронной почте успешно отправлено.	E-mail envoyé avec succès.
E-mail inválido!	Invalid email.	¡E-mail inválido!	無效電子郵件。	بريد إلكتروني غير صالح.	Не верно указана электронная почта!	E-mail non valide !
E-mail não encontrado!	Email not found.	¡E-mail no encontrado!	找不到電子郵件。	لم يتم العثور على البريد الإلكتروني.	Электронная почта не найдена!	E-mail non trouvé !
Editar	Edit	Editar	編輯	تحرير	Редактировать	Modifier
Editar Foto	Edit Photo	Editar Foto	編輯照片	تحرير الصورة	Изменить Фотографию	Modifier la photo
Editar Perfil	Edit Profile	Editar Perfil	編輯設定檔	تحرير ملف التعريف	Изменить Профиль	Modifier le profil
Egito	Egypt	Egipto	埃及	مصر	Египет	Égypte
El Salvador	El Salvador	El Salvador	薩爾瓦多	السلفادور	Сальвадор	Salvador
email@exemplo.com.br	email@exemplo.com.br	email@exemplo.com.br	email@exemplo.com.br	email@exemplo.com.br	email@exemplo.com.br	email@exemple.fr
Emirados Árabes Unidos	United Arab Emirates	Emiratos Árabes Unidos	阿拉伯聯合大公國	الإمارات العربية المتحدة	Объединенные Арабские Эмираты	Émirats Arabes Unis
Energia	Energy	Energía	能量	الطاقة	Энергия	Énergie
Energias	Energies	Energías	能量	الطاقات	Энергия	Énergies
Enteada	Stepdaughter	Hijastra	繼女	بنت الزوج	Падчерица	Belle-fille
Enteado	Stepson	Hijastro	繼子	ابن الزوج	Пасынок	Beau-fils
Entrar	Login	Entrar	登錄	تسجيل الدخول	Войти	Se connecter
Entrar com o Facebook	Login with Facebook	Entrar con Facebook	使用 Facebook 登錄	تسجيل الدخول باستخدام حساب Facebook	Войти через Facebook	Connectez-vous avec Facebook
Entre com seu e-mail e senha:	Login with email and password:	Entre con su e-mail y contraseña:	使用電子郵件和密碼登錄 ︰	تسجيل الدخول باستخدام البريد الإلكتروني وكلمة المرور:	Введите адрес электронной почты и пароль:	Connectez-vous avec votre e-mail et mot de passe :
Entre em contato	Contact	Entre en contacto	連絡	جهة الاتصال	Свяжитесь	Entrez en contact
Entre em contato através do formulário.	Contact us via the form.	Entre en contacto a través del formulario.	通過表單與我們聯繫。	اتصل بنا عبر النموذج.	Свяжитесь заполнив форму.	Entrez en contact via le formulaire.
Entre rapidamente com	Quick login with	Entre rápidamente con	快速登錄	تسجيل الدخول سريعًا باستخدام	Войдите быстро с	Connexion rapide avec :
Enviar	Send	Enviar	發送	أرسل	Отправить	Envoyer
Equador	Ecuador	Ecuador	厄瓜多爾	الإكوادور	Эквадор	Équateur
Eritreia	Eritrea	Eritrea	厄立特里亞	إريتريا	Эритрея	Érythrée
Erro ao logar com o Facebook.	Failure to log in with Facebook.	Error al hacer el login con Facebook.	未能通過Facebook登陸	فشل تسجيل الدخول باستخدام Facebook.	Ошибка входа через Facebook.	Erreurs de connexion avec Facebook.
Erro ao logar com o Twitter.	Failure to log in with Twitter.	Error al hacer el login con Twitter.	未能通過twitter登陸	فشل تسجيل الدخول باستخدام Facebook.	Ошибка входа через Twitter.	Erreurs de connexion avec Twitter.
Escolha algum sintoma antes de confirmar.	Choose a symptom and confirm.	Escoja algún síntoma antes de confirmar.	選擇症狀并確認。	اختر أحد الأعراض وقم بالتأكيد.	Выберите какие-либо симптомы, прежде чем подтвердить.	Choisissez un symptôme avant de confirmer.
Escolha seu avatar	Choose your avatar	Escoja su avatar	選擇頭像	اختر صورتك الرمزية	Выберите себе аватарку	Choisissez votre avatar
Escolha um assunto	Choose a subject	Escoja un asunto	選擇主題	اختر موضوعًا	Выберите тему	Choisissez un sujet
Escolha uma foto	Choose a photo	Escoja una foto	選擇照片	اختر صورة	Выберите фотографию	Choisissez une photo
Esgrima	Fencing	Esgrima	擊劍	مبارزة	Фехтование	Escrime
Eslováquia	Slovakia	Eslovaquia	斯洛伐克	سلوفاكيا	Словакия	Slovaquie
Eslovênia	Slovenia	Eslovenia	斯洛維尼亞	سلوفينيا	Словения	Slovénie
Espanha	Spain	España	西班牙	إسبانيا	Испания	Espagne
Esqueceu a senha?	Forgot your password?	¿Olvidó la contraseña?	忘記密碼？	هل نسيت كلمة مرورك؟	Забыли пароль?	Mot de passe oublié ?
Esqueceu sua senha?	Forgot your password?	¿Olvidó su contraseña?	忘記密碼？	هل نسيت كلمة مرورك؟	Забыли свой пароль?	Mot de passe oublié ?
Esta configuração afeta apenas este aplicativo. Deseja continuar?	This setting only affects this application. Continue?	Esta configuración sólo afecta a esta aplicación. ¿Desea continuar?	此設置僅影響此應用程式。繼續？	لا يؤثر هذا الإعداد إلا على هذا التطبيق. هل تريد المتابعة؟	Этот параметр влияет только на это приложение. Вы хотите продолжить?	Ce paramètre affecte uniquement cette application. Voulez-vous continuer ?
Esta conta foi desativada, reative e volte a ajudar a melhorar a saúde da sua comunidade. Deseja reativá-la?	This account has been deactivated. Reactivate it to help improve the health of your community. Reactivate this account?	Esta cuenta fue desactivada, reactívela y vuelva a ayudar a mejorar la salud de su comunidad. ¿Desea reactivarla?	此帳戶已停用。重新啟用以幫助改進您的社區醫療服務。重新啟用此帳戶？	تم إلغاء تنشيط هذا الحساب. أعد تنشيطه لتحسين الرعاية الصحية في مجتمعك. هل تريد إعادة تنشيط الحساب؟	Данный аккаунт был отключен, активируйте его и снова помогайте улучшить здоровье своего сообщества. Хотите активировать его?	Ce compte a été désactivé, réactivez-le pour contribuer à l'amélioriation de la santé de votre collectivité. Souhaitez-vous le réactiver ?
Estados Unidos	United States	Estados Unidos	美國	الولايات المتحدة	США	États-Unis
Estatísticas das participações	Participation statistics	Estadísticas de las participaciones	參與統計	إحصائيات المشاركة	Статистика участия	Statistiques de participation
Este é o máximo de pontos que você pode obter. Bom jogo!	You reached the maximum score. Good game!	Este es el máximo de puntos que usted puede obtener. ¡Buen juego!	您達到了最高分。好成績！	لقد وصلت إلى أقصى درجة. لعبة جيدة!	Это максимальное количество очков, которое вы можете получить. Хорошей игры!	Vous avez le maximum de points qu’il est possible d’obtenir. Bien joué !
Estive fora do Brasil nos últimos 14 dias	I have been out of Brazil in the last 14 days.	Estuve fuera de Brasil en los últimos 14 días	過去的 14 天我已不在巴西	لقد كنت خارج البرازيل في آخر 14 يومًا	Я не был в Бразилии в течение последних 14 дней	J'étais hors du Brésil au cours des 14 derniers jours
Estônia	Estonia	Estonia	愛沙尼亞	إستونيا	Эстония	Estonie
Etiópia	Ethiopia	Etiopía	埃塞俄比亞	إثيوبيا	Эфиопия	Éthiopie
Eu faço minha parte, faça sua parte também no combate ao mosquito Aedes aegypti #ZikaZero. Acesse: http://www.guardioesdasaude.org	I do my part. Make sure you do yours in our fight against the Aedes aegypti mosquito #ZikaZero. Go to http://www.guardioesdasaude.org	Yo hago mi parte, haga su parte también en el combate al mosquito Aedes aegypti #ZikaZero. Acceda: http://www.guardioesdasaude.org	我參與了。請確保您在我們與埃及伊蚊 #ZikaZero 的戰斗中發揮作用。轉到 HTTP://www.guardioesdasaude.org	أقوم بعملي. تأكد من أنك تؤدي ما عليك القيام به في كفاحنا ضد بعوض الزاعجة المصرية #ZikaZero. انتقل إلى http://www.guardioesdasaude.org	Я делаю это делаю, участвуй тоже в борьбе с комарами Aedes aegypti #ZikaZero. Доступ: http://www.guardioesdasaude.org	Je participe; participez aussi à la lutte contre le moustique Aedes aegypti #ZikaZero. Aller à: http://www.guardioesdasaude.org
Exantemática	Exanthematic	Exantemática	疹病	طفحي	Сыпь	Exanthématique.
Exantemática (manchas vermelhas no corpo, além de algum destes sintomas: febre ou dores no corpo ou dores nas juntas ou dor de cabeça ou coceira ou olhos vermelhos ou sangramento)	Exanthematic (red spots on the body, as well as any of the following symptoms: fever or body/joint pain, headache, itching, bloodshot eyes, or bleeding)	Exantemática (manchas rojas en el cuerpo, además de alguno de estos síntomas: fiebre o dolores en el cuerpo o dolores en las articulaciones o dolor de cabeza o comezón u ojos rojos o sangrado)	疹病（身體上的紅色斑點，以及任何以下症狀 ︰發燒或身體/關節痛、頭痛、皮膚瘙癢、眼睛充血，或出血）	طفحي (بقع حمراء على الجسم، فضلاً عن أي من الأعراض التالية: حمى أو آلام في الجسم/المفاصل، صداع، حكة، احمرار العينين أو نزيف)	Сыпь (красные пятна на теле, и любые из этих симптомов: жар, боли в теле или в суставах, головная боль, зуд, покраснение глаз или кровотечение)	Exanthème (taches rouges sur le corps, en plus de quelques uns de ces symptômes : fièvre ou douleur dans le corps ou douleurs articulaires ou maux de tête ou démangeaisons ou yeux rouges ou saignements)
Excluir Conta	Delete Account	Excluir Cuenta	刪除帳戶	حذف الحساب	Удалить Аккаунт	Supprimer le compte
Fã / Espectador	Fan / Spectator	Fan / Espectador	愛好者 / 觀眾	مروحة/متفرج	Болельщик / Зритель	Fan/Spectateur
Fale Conosco	Contact us	Hable con nosotros	聯繫我們	اتصل بنا	Свяжитесь с Нами	Contactez-nous
Falta de ar	Shortness of breath	Falta de aire	呼吸急促	ضيق التنفس	Одышка	Essoufflement
Farmácias	Drugstores	Farmacias	藥店	صيدليات	Аптеки	Pharmacies
Febre	Fever	Fiebre	發燒	حمى	Жар	Fièvre
Feminino	Female	Femenino	女性	أنثى	Женского Пола	Féminin
Fev	Feb	Feb	2 月	فبراير	Фев	Fév
Fevereiro	February	Febrero	2 月	فبراير	Февраль	Février
Fiji	Fiji	Fiji	斐濟	فيجي	Фиджи	Fidji
Filha	Daughter	Hija	女兒	ابنة	Дочь	Fille
Filho	Son	Hijo	兒子	ابن	Сын	Fils
Filipinas	Philippines	Filipinas	菲律賓	الفلبين	Филиппины	Philippines
Finlândia	Finland	Finlandia	芬蘭	فنلندا	Финляндия	Finlande
Fique do olho no Mapa e acompanhe, em tempo real, a situação da saúde próximo à você. Não esqueça de colaborar diariamente como você está se sentindo, para que as estatísticas estejam sempre atualizadas!	Check out the Map to follow the health conditions near you in real time. Don’t forget to contribute every day by reporting your health status and help keep statistical data up to date.	Observe el Mapa y siga, en tiempo real, la situación de la salud cerca de usted. No olvide colaborar diariamente informando cómo se siente, ¡para que las estadísticas siempre estén actualizadas!	查閱地圖，實時遵循您附近的醫療狀態。別忘了每天報告您的健康情況，幫助保持統計最新資料。	تحقق من الخريطة لمتابعة الحالة الصحية بالقرب منك في الوقت المناسب. لا تنس المشاركة يوميًا من خلال إرسال تقرير بحالتك الصحية والمساعدة في تحديث البيانات الإحصائية.	Смотрите по Карте и отслеживайте в режиме реального времени, положение в области здравоохранения рядом с вами. Не забывайте ежедневно сотрудничать информируя как вы себя чувствуете, чтобы статистика всегда обновлялась!	Consultez la carte et suivez, en temps réel, la situation de la Santé près de vous . N'oubliez pas de rendre compte de votre état de santé tous les jours, pour que les statistiques soient toujours à jour !
Fique por dentro das notícias de saúde! O Guardião tem acesso direto aos tweets do Ministério da Saúde, podendo compartilhá-los com seus amigos nas redes sociais.	Stay tuned to health news! The Guardian app has direct access to tweets posted by the Ministry of Health, allowing you to share them with your friends in social networks.	¡Entérese da las noticias de salud! El Guardián tiene acceso directo a los tweets del Ministerio de Salud, y puede compartirlos con sus amigos en las redes sociales.	請繼續接收保健新聞 ！衛士應用程式可直達由衛生署張貼的微博，允許您將其分享給您在社交網路中的朋友。	ابق على اطلاع بأخبار الرعاية الصحية! يتميز تطبيق المدير بإمكانية الوصول إلى التغريدات التي نشرتها وزارة الصحة، مما يسمح لك بمشاركتها مع الأصدقاء على الشبكات الاجتماعية.	Следите за новостями здравоохранения! Страж имеет прямой доступ к твитам Министерства Здравоохранения и может поделиться ими со своими друзьями в социальных сетях.	Tenez vous à jour des nouvelles Santé ! Le Gardien a un accès direct aux tweets du Ministère de la santé que vous pouvez partager avec vos amis sur les réseaux sociaux.
França	France	Francia	法國	فرنسا	Франция	France
Frequência de participações em 2016	Participation frequency in 2016	Frecuencia de participaciones en 2016	2016 年參與頻率	تردد مشاركة في عام 2016	Частота участия в 2016 году	Fréquence de la participation en 2016
Futebol	Soccer	Fútbol	足球	كرة القدم	Футбол	Football
Gabão	Gabon	Gabón	加蓬	الغابون	Габон	Gabon
Gâmbia	Gambia	Gambia	岡比亞	غامبيا	Гамбия	Gambie
Gana	Ghana	Ghana	加納	غانا	Гана	Ghana
Genro	Son-in-law	Yerno	女婿	صهر	Зять	Gendre
Geórgia	Georgia	Georgia	格魯吉亞	جورجيا	Грузия	Géorgie
Geral	General	General	一般	عام	Общий	Général
Gibraltar	Gibraltar	Gibraltar	直布羅陀	جبل طارق	Гибралтар	Gibraltar
Ginástica Artística	Gymnastics	Gimnasia Artística	體操	الجمباز	Художественная Гимнастика	Gymnastique artistique
Ginástica de Trampolim	Trampoline Gymnastics	Gimnasia de Trampolín	體操蹦床	جمباز الترامبولين	Прыжки на Батуте	Trampoline
Ginástica Rítmica	Rhythmic Gymnastics	Gimnasia Rítmica	藝術體操	الجمباز الإيقاعي	Ритмическая Гимнастика	Gymnastique rythmique
Golfe	Golf	Golf	高爾夫	لعب الجولف	Гольф	Golf
Google Play	Google Play	Google Play	Google Play	متجر Google Play	Google Play	Google Play
Granada	Granada	Granada	格蘭納達	غرناطة	Гранада	Granada
Grécia	Greece	Grecia	希臘	اليونان	Греция	Grèce
Groenlândia	Greenland	Groenlandia	格陵蘭島	جرينلاند	Гренландия	Groenland
Guadalupe	Guadalupe	Guadalupe	瓜達羅佩	غوادلوبي	Гваделупа	Guadalupe
Guam	Guam	Guam	關島	غوام	Гуам	Guam
Guardiões da Saúde	Guardians of Health	Guardianes de la Salud	健康衛士	تطبيق مدير الصحة	Стражи Здоровья	Les Gardiens de la Santé
Guatemala	Guatemala	Guatemala	瓜地馬拉	غواتيمالا	Гватемала	Guatemala
Guernsey	Guernsey	Guernsey	根西島	غيرنزي	Гернси	Guernesey
Guiana	Guyana	Guyana	蓋亞納	غيانا	Гайана	Guyana
Guiana Francesa	French Guiana	Guayana Francesa	法屬圭亞那	غويانا الفرنسية	Французская Гвиана	Guyane française
Guiné	Guinea	Guinea	幾內亞	غينيا	Гвинея	Guinée
Guiné Equatorial	Equatorial Guinea	Guinea Ecuatorial	赤道幾內亞	غينيا الاستوائية	Экваториальная Гвинея	Guinée équatoriale
Guiné-Bissau	Guinea-Bissau	Guinea Bissau	幾內亞比索	غينيا بيساو	Гвинея-Бисау	Guinée-Bissau
Haiti	Haiti	Haití	海地	هايتي	Гаити	Haïti
Handebol	Handball	Balonmano	手球	كرة اليد	Гандбол	Handball
Hipismo Adestramento	Equestrian Dressage	Hipismo Adiestramiento	馬術盛裝舞步賽	ملابس الفروسية	Конный Спорт	Dressage équestre
Hipismo CCE	Equestrian Eventing	Hipismo CCE	馬術三項賽	سباق الفروسية	Конное троеборье	Concours complet d’équitation
Hipismo Saltos	Equestrian Jumping	Hipismo Saltos	馬術跳	سباق القفز للفروسية	Конку́р	Sauts d’obstacles
Histórico de participações	History of participations	Histórico de participaciones	參與歷史	تاريخ المشاركات	История участия	Historique des participations
Holanda	Netherlands	Holanda	荷蘭	هولندا	Нидерланды	Pays-Bas
Honduras	Honduras	Honduras	宏都拉斯	هندوراس	Гондурас	Honduras
Hong Kong, RAE da China	Hong Kong, SAR of China	Hong Kong, RAE de China	中國香港特別行政區	هونغ كونغ، جمهورية الصين الشعبية	Гонконг, Китай SAR	Hong Kong, RAS de Chine
Hóquei Sobre Grama	Field Hockey	Hockey Sobre Césped	曲棍球	الهوكي الأرضي	Хоккей на Траве	Hockey sur gazon
Hungria	Hungary	Hungría	匈牙利	المجر	Венгрия	Hongrie
Idioma	Language	Idioma	語言	اللغة	Язык	Langue
Iêmen	Yemen	Yemen	葉門	اليمن	Йемен	Yémen
Ilha Bouvet	Bouvet Island	Isla Bouvet	布維島	جزيرة بوفيت	Остров Буве	Île Bouvet
Ilha Christmas	Christmas Island	Isla de Navidad	聖誕島	جزيرة عيد الميلاد	Остров Рождества	Île Christmas
Ilha de Man	Isle of Man	Isla de Man	曼城島	جزيرة مان	Остров Мэн	Île de Man
Ilha Norfolk	Norfolk Island	Isla Norfolk	諾福克島	جزيرة نورفولك	Остров Норфолк	Île Norfolk
Ilhas Åland	Åland Islands	Islas Åland	奧蘭群島	جزر أولاند	Аландские Острова	Îles d'Åland
Ilhas Cayman	Cayman Islands	Islas Caimán	開曼群島	جزر كايمان	Каймановы Острова	Îles Caïmans
Ilhas Cocos (Keeling)	Cocos (Keeling) Islands	Islas Cocos (Keeling)	科科斯 （基林） 群島	جزر كوكوس (كيلينغ)	Кокосовые (Килинг) Острова	Îles Cocos (Keeling)
Ilhas Cook	Cook Islands	Islas Cook	科克群島	جزر كوك	Острова Кука	Îles Cook
Ilhas Faroe	Faroe Islands	Islas Faroe	法羅群島	جزر فارو	Фарерские острова	Îles Féroé
Ilhas Geórgia do Sul e Sandwich do Sul	South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands	Islas Georgia del Sur y Sándwich del Sur	南喬治亞島和南桑威奇群島	جورجيا الجنوبية وجزر ساندويتش الجنوبية	Южная Георгия и Южные Сандвичевы Острова	Îles Géorgie du Sud et îles Sandwich du Sud
Ilhas Heard e McDonald	Heard and McDonald Islands	Islas Heard y McDonald	赫德和麥克唐納群島	جزيرة هيرد وجزر ماكدونالد	Остров Херд и острова Макдональд	Îles Heard et McDonald
Ilhas Malvinas	Falkland Islands	Islas Malvinas	福克蘭群島	جزر فوكلاند	Фолклендские Острова	Îles Malouines
Ilhas Marianas do Norte	Northern Mariana Islands	Islas Marianas del Norte	北馬里安納群島	جزر ماريانا الشمالية	Северные Марианские Острова	Îles Mariannes du Nord
Ilhas Marshall	Marshall Islands	Islas Marshall	馬紹爾群島	جزر مارشال	Маршалловы Острова	Îles Marshall
Ilhas Menores Distantes dos EUA	United States Minor Outlying Islands	Islas Ultramarinas de los Estados Unidos	美國本土以外的小島嶼	جزر الولايات المتحدة الصغيرة النائية	Малые Тихоокеанские Отдаленные Острова США	Îles mineures éloignées des États-Unis
Ilhas Pitcairn	Pitcairn Islands	Islas Pitcairn	皮特凱恩群島	جزر بيتكيرن	Острова Питкэрн	Îles Pitcairn
Ilhas Salomão	Solomon Islands	Islas Salomón	索羅門群島	جزر سليمان	Соломоновы Острова	Îles Salomon
Ilhas Turks e Caicos	Turks and Caicos Islands	Islas Turcas y Caicos	土克斯及開科斯群島	جزر توركس وكايكوس	Острова Теркс и Кайкос	Îles Turques et Caïques
Ilhas Virgens Britânicas	British Virgin Islands	Islas Vírgenes Británicas	英屬維爾京群島	الجزر العذراء البريطانية	Британские Виргинские Острова	Îles Vierges britanniques
Ilhas Virgens dos EUA	United States Virgin Islands	Islas Vírgenes de los EE. UU.	美屬維爾京群島	الجزر العذراء الأمريكية	Американские Виргинские Острова	Îles Vierges des États-Unis
Índia	India	India	印度	الهند	Индия	Inde
Indígena	Indigenous	Indígena	土著	السكان الأصليون	Индейская	Indigène
Indonésia	Indonesia	Indonesia	印尼	أندونيسيا	Индонезия	Indonésie
Informando sintomas diariamente, você contribui ativamente para o aprimoramento da vigilância participativa em saúde no Brasil. Seja um Guardião e ajude a melhorar a saúde da sua comunidade.	By informing your daily symptoms, you actively help promote participatory health surveillance in Brazil. Become a Guardian and help improve the health of your community.	Informando síntomas diariamente, usted contribuye activamente para el perfeccionamiento de la vigilancia participativa de la salud en Brasil. Sea un Guardián y ayude a mejorar la salud de su comunidad.	通過報告您每日的症狀，積極幫助促進巴西的集體健康監測。成為一名衛士并幫助改進社區的健康狀況。	تساعد بفاعلية على ترقية المراقبة الصحية الجماعية في البرازيل، من خلال الإبلاغ عن الأعراض اليومية التي تتعرض لها. كن أحد مديري الصحة وساعد على تحسين الرعاية الصحية في مجتمعك.	Информируя о своих симптомах ежедневно, вы активно содействуете улучшению надзора за состоянием здоровья в Бразилии. Будьте Стражем и помогайте улучшить здоровье своего сообщества.	En rendant compte de vos symptômes tous les jours, vous contribuez activement à l'amélioration de la surveillance participative de la santé au Brésil. Devenez Gardien et participez à l’amélioration de la santé de votre collectivité.
Informe sintomas, acompanhe a saúde da sua região e obtenha dicas e informações sobre saúde.	Report symptoms, monitor health conditions in your area,and get health tips and information on health.	Informe síntomas, siga la salud de su región y obtenga consejos e información sobre salud.	報告症狀，監測您所在地區的醫療條件并閱讀健康提示和新聞。	أبلغ عن الأعراض، وراقب حالات الرعاية الصحية في منطقتك، وتعرف على النصائح والأخبار الصحية.	Информируйте о своих симптомах, отслеживая состояние здоровья вашего региона и получайте советы и информацию о здоровье.	Informez-nous des symptômes, suivez la santé de votre région et recevez des conseils et des informations santé.
Início	Home	Inicio	首頁	الصفحة الرئيسية	Главная	Accueil
Integrantes do domicílio	Household members	Integrantes del domicilio	家庭成員	أفراد الأسرة	Члены семьи	Membres du domicile
iOS 9	iOS 9	iOS 9	iOS 9	iOS 9	iOS 9	iOS 9
Irã	Iran	Irán	伊朗	إيران	Иран	Iran
Iraque	Iraq	Irak	伊拉克	العراق	Ирак	Irak
Irlanda	Ireland	Irlanda	愛爾蘭	أيرلندا	Ирландия	Irlande
Irmã	Sister	Hermana	姐妹	أخت	Сестра	Sœur
Irmão	Brother	Hermano	兄弟	أخ	Брат	Frère
Islândia	Iceland	Islandia	冰島	أيسلندا	Исландия	Islande
Israel	Israel	Israel	以色列	إسرائيل	Израиль	Israël
Itália	Italy	Italia	義大利	إيطاليا	Италия	Italie
Já disponível para dispositivos iOS e Android.	Now available for iOS and Android devices.	Ya disponible para dispositivos iOS y Android.	現在可供 iOS 和 Android 設備使用。	متوفر الآن لأجهزة iOS وAndroid.	В настоящее время доступны для устройств iOS и Android.	Maintenant disponible pour appareils iOS et Android.
Jamaica	Jamaica	Jamaica	牙買加	جامايكا	Ямайка	Jamaïque
Jan	Jan	Ene	1 月	يناير	Янв	Jan
Janeiro	January	Enero	1 月	يناير	Январь	Janvier
Japão	Japan	Japón	日本	اليابان	Япония	Japon
Jersey	Jersey	Jersey	澤西島	جيرسي	Джерси	Jersey
Jordânia	Jordan	Jordania	約旦	الأردن	Иордания	Jordanie
Judô	Judo	Judo	柔道	الجودو	Дзюдо	Judo
Jul	Jul	Jul	7 月	يوليو	Июл	Juil
Julho	July	Julio	7 月	يوليو	Июль	Juillet
Jun	Jun	Jun	6 月	يونيو	Июн	Jun
Junho	June	Junio	6 月	يونيو	Июнь	Juin
Kuwait	Kuwait	Kuwait	科威特	الكويت	Кувейт	Koweït
Laos	Laos	Laos	老撾	لاوس	Лаос	Laos
Lesoto	Lesotho	Lesoto	賴索托	ليسوتو	Лесото	Lesotho
Letônia	Latvia	Letonia	拉托維亞	لاتفيا	Латвия	Lettonie
Levantamento de Peso	Weightlifting	Levantamiento de Peso	舉重	رفع الأثقال	Тяжелая атлетика	Haltérophilie
Líbano	Lebanon	Líbano	黎巴嫩	لبنان	Ливан	Liban
Libéria	Liberia	Liberia	賴比瑞亞	ليبريا	Либерия	Libéria
Líbia	Libya	Libia	利比亞	ليبيا	Ливия	Libye
Liechtenstein	Liechtenstein	Liechtenstein	列支敦斯登	ليختنشتاين	Лихтенштейн	Liechtenstein
Lituânia	Lithuania	Lituania	立陶宛	ليتوانيا	Литва	Lituanie
Luta Estilo Livre	Freestyle Wrestling	Lucha Estilo Libre	自由式摔跤	المصارعة الحرة	Вольная борьба	Lutte libre
Luta Greco-Romana	Greco-Roman Wrestling	Lucha Greco-Romana	古典式摔跤	المصارعة اليونانية والرومانية	Греко-римская борьба	Lutte gréco-romaine
Luxemburgo	Luxembourg	Luxemburgo	盧森堡	لوكسمبورج	Люксембург	Luxembourg
Macau, RAE da China	Macao, SAR of China	Macao, RAE de China	中國澳門特別行政區	ماكاو، جمهورية الصين الشعبية	Макао, САР Китая	Macao, RAS de Chine
Macedônia	Macedonia	Macedonia	馬其頓	مقدونيا	Македония	Macédoine
Madagascar	Madagascar	Madagascar	馬達加斯加	مدغشقر	Мадагаскар	Madagascar
Madrasta	Stepmother	Madrastra	繼母	زوجة الأب	Мачеха	Belle-mère
Mãe	Mother	Madre	母親	الأم	Мать	Mère
Mai	May	May	5 月	مايو	Май	Mai
Maio	May	Mayo	5 月	مايو	Май	Mai
Mal	Ill	Mal	生病	مرض	Плохо	Mal
Malásia	Malaysia	Malasia	馬來西亞	ماليزيا	Малайзия	Malaisie
Malawi	Malawi	Malawi	馬拉威	ملاوي	Малави	Malawi
Maldivas	Maldives	Maldivas	馬爾地夫	جزر المالديف	Мальдивы	Maldives
Mali	Mali	Malí	馬里	مالي	Мали	Mali
Malta	Malta	Malta	馬爾他	مالطا	Мальта	Malte
Manchas vermelhas no corpo	Red spots on the body	Manchas rojas en el cuerpo	身體上的紅點	بقع حمراء على الجسم	Красные пятна на теле	Taches rouges sur le corps
Mapa da Saúde	Health Map	Mapa de la Salud	健康地圖	الخريطة الصحية	Карта здоровья	Carte de la Santé
Mar	Mar	Mar	3 月	مارس	Море	Mars
Maratonas Aquáticas	Marathon Swimming	Maratones Acuáticos	水上馬拉松	سباقات الماراثون المائية	Водный Марафон	Marathons aquatiques
Março	March	Marzo	3 月	مارس	Март	Mars
Marque abaixo oque você está sentindo nesse momento:	Check the items below that describe how you’re feeling now:	Marque abajo lo que usted está sintiendo en este momento:	請選擇下面可描述您此刻的感覺︰	تحقق من العناصر التالية التي تصف شعورك في هذه اللحظة:	Отметьте ниже, что вы сейчас чувствуете:	Écrivez ci-dessous ce que vous ressentez en ce moment :
Marque na lista os sintomas que você apresenta.	Select your symptoms from the list.	Marque en la lista los síntomas que usted presenta.	從清單中選擇您的症狀。	حدد الأعراض من القائمة.	Проверьте список своих симптомов.	Sélectionnez dans la liste les symptômes que vous présentez.
Marrocos	Morocco	Marruecos	摩洛哥	المغرب	Марокко	Maroc
Martinica	Martinique	Martinica	馬丁尼克島	مارتينيك	Мартиника	Martinique
Masculino	Male	Masculino	男性	ذكر	Мужского пола	Masculin
Maurício	Mauritius	Mauricio	模里西斯	موريشيوس	Маврикий	Île Maurice
Mauritânia	Mauritania	Mauritania	茅利塔尼亞	موريتانيا	Мавритания	Mauritanie
Mayotte	Mayotte	Mayotte	馬約特	جزيرة مايوت	Майотта	Mayotte
Mensagem	Message	Mensaje	信息	رسالة	Сообщение	Message
Mensagem enviada com sucesso. Obrigado!	Message successfully sent. Thank you!	Mensaje enviado con éxito. ¡Gracias!	成功發送信息。謝謝！	تم إرسال الرسالة بنجاح. شكرا!	Сообщение успешно отправлено. Спасибо!	Message envoyé avec succès. Merci!
Meus Troféus	My Trophies	Mis Trofeos	我的戰利品	انتصاراتي	Мои Призы	Mes trophées
México	Mexico	México	墨西哥	المكسيك	Мексика	Mexique
Mianmar (Birmânia)	Myanmar (Burma)	Myanmar (Birmania)	緬甸	ميانمار (بورما)	Мьянма (Бирма)	Myanmar (Birmanie)
Micronésia	Micronesia	Micronesia	密克羅尼西亞	ولايات ميكرونيسيا المتحدة	Микронезия	Micronésie
Moçambique	Mozambique	Mozambique	莫三比克	موزامبيق	Мозамбик	Mozambique
Moldávia	Moldova	Moldava	摩爾多瓦	مولدافيا	Молдавия	Moldavie
Mônaco	Monaco	Mónaco	摩納哥	موناكو	Монако	Monaco
Mongólia	Mongolia	Mongolia	蒙古	منغوليا	Монголия	Mongolie
Monitore seu histórico de saúde e dos integrantes do seu domicílio. Todos os seus registros serão salvos, permitindo que você os acesse a qualquer lugar e ocasião.	Monitor the health history of your household members. All records will be stored and may be accessed from anywhere and at any time.	Monitoree su histórico de salud y de los integrantes de su domicilio. Todos sus registros serán guardados, permitiendo que usted los acceda desde cualquier lugar y en cualquier momento.	監控您家庭成員的健康史。將存儲所有記錄，並可從隨時隨地訪問。	راقب السجل الصحي لأفراد أسرتك. سيتم تخزين جميع السجلات ويمكن الوصول إليها من أي مكان وفي أي وقت.	Следите за своей историей здоровья и членов вашей семьи. Все ваши записи будут сохранены, что позволит вам получить доступ к ним когда и где угодно.	Surveiller vos antécédents de santé et ceux des membres de votre domicile. Tous vos rapports seront sauvegardés, vous permettant d'y accéder en tout lieu et à tout moment.
Montenegro	Montenegro	Montenegro	黑山	الجبل الأسود	Черногория	Monténégro
Montserrat	Montserrat	Montserrat	蒙特塞拉特	مونتسرات	Монсеррат	Montserrat
Nado Sincronizado	Synchronized Swimming	Nado Sincronizado	花樣游泳	السباحة المتزامنة	Синхронное Плавание	Natation synchronisée
Namíbia	Namibia	Namibia	納米比亞	ناميبيا	Намибия	Namibie
Não	No	No	否	لا	Нет	Non
Não aceito	Not accepted	No acepto	未接受	غير مقبول	Не принимаю	Je n’accepte pas
Não deixe de procurar o serviço de saúde mais próximo.	Be sure to seek out the nearest healthcare service.	No deje de buscar el servicio de salud más cercano.	確保找出最近的醫療服務。	تأكد من البحث عن أقرب خدمة رعاية صحية.	Обязательно обратитесь в ближайшей пункт медпомощи.	Assurez-vous de trouver le service de santé le plus proche.
Não estamos conseguindo obter sua localização. Verifique se os serviços estão habilitados no aparelho.	We were unable to track your location. Check if tracking services are enabledin yourdevice.	No conseguimos obtener su localización. Verifique si los servicios están habilitados en el aparato.	我們不能跟蹤您所在的位置。請確認跟蹤服務在該設備是否啟用。	لم نتمكن من تتبع موقعك. تحقق ما إذا كانت خدمات التتبع ممكنة في الجهاز.	Не можем определить ваше местоположение. Убедитесь в том, что на устройстве все службы включены.	Nous n’arrivons pas à vous localiser. Vérifiez que les services sont validés sur l’appareil.
Não foi possível compartilhar sua participação.	Unable to share your participation.	No fue posible compartir su participación.	無法分享您的參與。	تعذر مشاركة مشاركتك.	Не удалось поделиться вашим участием.	Impossible de partager votre participation.
Não foi possível enviar o e-mail. Tente novamente em alguns minutos.	Unable to read the email. Try again in a few minutes.	No fue posible enviar el e-mail. Intente nuevamente en algunos minutos.	無法讀取電子郵件。幾分鐘後再試。	تعذر قراءة البريد الإلكتروني. حاول مرة أخرى بعد بضع دقائق.	Не удалось отправить электронное письмо. Пожалуйста, повторите попытку через несколько минут.	Impossible d'envoyer l’e-mail. Réessayer dans quelques minutes.
Não foi possível fazer o login. E-mail e/ou senha inválidos.	Unable to log in. Invalid email and/or password.	No fue posible realizar el login. E-mail y/o contraseña inválidos.	無法登錄。無效電子郵件和/或密碼。	تعذر تسجيل الدخول. بريد إلكتروني و/أو كلمة مرور غير صالحة.	Невозможно войти в систему. Неверная электронная почта и / или пароль.	Impossible de se connecter. E-mail et/ou mot de passe non valide.
Não foi possível realizar o cadastro. Tente novamente em alguns minutos!	The sign-up process could not be completed. Try again in a few minutes.	No fue posible realizar el registro. ¡Intente nuevamente en algunos minutos!	無法完成註冊過程。幾分鐘後再試。	تعذر إكمال عملية التسجيل. حاول مرة أخرى بعد بضع دقائق.	Не удалось выполнить регистрацию. Пожалуйста, повторите попытку через несколько минут!	Impossible de compléter l’enregistrement. Réessayer dans quelques minutes !
Natação	Swimming	Natación	游泳	سباحة	Плавание	Natation
Nauru	Nauru	Nauru	瑙魯	جزيرة ناورو	Науру	Nauru
Náusea ou vômito	Nausea or vomiting	Nauseas o vómito	噁心或嘔吐	الغثيان أو القيء	Тошнота или рвота	Nausée ou vomissements
Nepal	Nepal	Nepal	尼泊爾	نيبال	Непал	Népal
Neta	Granddaughter	Nieta	孫女	حفيدة	Внучка	Petite-fille
Neto	Grandson	Nieto	孫子	حفيد	Внук	Petit-fils
Nicarágua	Nicaragua	Nicaragua	尼加拉瓜	نيكارجوا	Никарагуа	Nicaragua
Níger	Niger	Níger	尼日爾	النيجر	Нигер	Niger
Nigéria	Nigeria	Nigeria	奈及利亞	نيجيريا	Нигерия	Nigeria
Niue	Niue	Niue	紐埃	نييوي	Ниуэ	Niue
Nora	Daughter-in-law	Nuera	媳婦	زوجة الابن	Невестка	Belle-fille
Noruega	Norway	Noruega	挪威	النرويج	Норвегия	Norvège
Nós nos preocupamos com a sua privacidade	We care about your privacy.	Nos preocupamos con su privacidad	我們重視您的隱私	نهتم بخصوصيتك	Мы заботимся о вашей конфиденциальности	Nous respectons votre vie privée
Nossa pista de corrida é formada por fases. Conclua cada fase para chegar mais longe na corrida!	Our race track has several different phases. Complete each phase to get further in the race!	Nuestra pista de carreras está formada por fases. ¡Concluya cada fase para llegar más lejos en la carrera!	我們的賽道有幾個不同階段。完成每個階段進入下一個比賽 ！	يتضمن تتبع المسار لدينا عدة مراحل مختلفة. أكمل كل مرحلة للوصول إلى مراحل أخرى في السباق!	Наша беговая дорожка состоит из этапов. Завершите каждый этап, чтобы дальше продвинуться в соревновании!	Notre piste de course contient plusieurs étapes. Terminer chaque étape pour aller le plus loin possible dans la course.
Notícias	News	Noticias	新聞	أخبار	Новости	Nouvelles
Nov	Nov	Nov	11 月	نوفمبر	Нояб	Nov
Nova Caledônia	New Caledonia	Nueva Caledonia	新赫里多尼亞	كاليدونيا الجديدة	Новая Каледония	Nouvelle Calédonie
Nova Senha	New Password	Nueva Contraseña	新密碼	كلمة المرور الجديدة	Новый пароль	Nouveau mot de passe
Nova Zelândia	New Zealand	Nueva Zelanda	紐西蘭	نيوزيلندا	Новая Зеландия	Nouvelle-Zélande
Novembro	November	Noviembre	11 月	نوفمبر	Ноябрь	Novembre
Novo integrante	New member	Nuevo integrante	新成員	عضو جديد	Новый участник	Nouveau membre
O Aplicativo não tem permissão para gravar a foto.	The application does not have permission to store photos.	La Aplicación no tiene permiso para grabar la foto.	應用程式無存儲照片的許可權。	لا يمتلك التطبيق الإذن لتخزين الصور.	Приложение не имеет право сохранить изображение.	L'Application n'a pas l'autorisation d’enregistrer la photo.
O aplicativo precisa ser reiniciado para aplicar a mudança de idioma. Deseja continuar?	Restart the application to apply changes in language settings. Continue?	La aplicación necesita ser reiniciada para aplicar el cambio de idioma. ¿Desea continuar?	重新打開應用程式以應用語言設置中的更改。繼續？	أعد تشغيل التطبيق لتطبيق التغييرات التي تمت في إعدادات اللغة. هل تريد المتابعة؟	Приложение должно быть перезапущено, чтобы поменять язык. Вы хотите продолжить?	L'application doit être redémarrée pour appliquer la modification de la langue. Voulez-vous continuer ?
O e-mail usado já está em uso	The email address is already in use.	El e-mail usado ya está en uso	電子郵件地址已在使用中	عنوان البريد الإلكتروني قيد الاستخدام بالفعل	Электронная почта уже используется	L'e-mail est déjà en cours d’utilisation
O Guardiões da Saúde	The Guardians of Health	Guardianes de la Salud	健康衛士	تطبيق مدير الصحة	Стражи Здоровья	Les Gardiens de la Santé
O Whatsapp não está instalado neste dispositivo.	Whatsapp not installed onthis device.	Whatsapp no está instalado en este dispositivo.	Whatsapp 未安裝在此設備上。	تطبيق Whatsapp غير مثبت على هذا الجهاز.	На этом устройстве Whatsapp не установлен.	WhatsApp n'est pas installé sur cet appareil.
Obrigado pela informação!	Thanks for sharing thatinformation!	¡Gracias por la información!	謝謝分享資訊 ！	نشكرك على مشاركة المعلومات!	Спасибо за информацию!	Merci pour l'information !
Obrigado por compartilhar!	Thanks for sharing!	¡Gracias por compartir!	謝謝分享 ！	نشكرك على المشاركة!	Спасибо за то, что поделились!	Merci pour le partage !
Ocorreu um erro ao atualizar o usuário.	An error occurred while updating the user.	Sucedió un error al actualizar el usuario.	更新使用者時出錯。	حدث خطأ أثناء تحديث المستخدم.	При обновлении пользователя произошла ошибка.	Une erreur s'est produite pendant la mise à jour de l'utilisateur.
Ocorreu um erro de comunicação!	A communication error occurred.	¡Sucedió un error de comunicación!	出現通信錯誤。	حدث خطأ في الاتصال.	Произошла ошибка связи!	Une erreur de communication s'est produite.
Ocorreu um problema de comunicação, por favor verifique sua conexão!	A communication error occurred. Please check your connection.	Sucedió un problema de comunicación, ¡por favor verifique su conexión!	出現通信錯誤。請檢查您的連接。	حدث خطأ في الاتصال. يرجى التحقق من اتصالك.	Произошла проблема связи, пожалуйста, проверьте соединение!	Une erreur de communication s'est produite, veuillez vérifier votre connexion !
Ok	Ok	Ok	確定	موافق	Хорошо	Ok
Olá	Hello	Hola	您好	مرحبًا	Здравствуйте	Salut
Olhos vermelhos	Bloodshot eyes	Ojos rojos	充血的雙眼	عيون حمراء	Красные глаза	Yeux rouges
Omã	Oman	Omán	阿曼	عُمان	Оман	Oman
Opções	Options	Opciones	選項	خيارات	Параметры	Options
Operação cancelada.	Operation canceled.	Operación cancelada.	操作取消。	تم إلغاء العملية.	Операция отменена.	Opération annulée.
Operação realizada com sucesso.	Operation successfully completed.	Operación realizada con éxito.	已成功完成操作。	اكتملت العملية بنجاح.	Операция выполнена успешно.	Opération réalisée avec succès.
Os dados fornecidos serão utilizados para promover uma comunidade mais saudável	The data provided will be used to build a healthier community.	Los dados proporcionados serán utilizados para promover una comunidad más saludable	提供的資料將用于建立一個更健康的社區	ستُستخدم المعلومات المُقدمة لخلق مجتمع أكثر صحة.	Предоставленные данные, будут содействовать оздоровлению сообщества	Les données fournies serviront à favoriser la santé de la collectivité
Os sintomas informados podem estar relacionados ao Zika vírus. Procure a unidade de pronto atendimento mais próxima.	The symptoms reported may be related to infection by Zika virus. Seek out healthcare at the nearest emergency care unit.	Los síntomas informados pueden estar relacionados al Zika virus. Busque la unidad de urgencias más cercana.	報告的症狀可能與寨卡病毒感染相關。在附近的緊急護理單位尋求援助。	الأعراض التي تم الإبلاغ عنها قد تكون مرتبطة بالإصابة بفيروس زيكا. اطلب المساعدة في أقرب وحدة رعاية طوارئ.	Указанные симптомы могут быть связаны с вирусом Зика. Найдите ближайший Пункт Скорой Помощи.	Les symptômes rapportés peuvent être apparentés au virus Zika. Dirigez-vous vers le service des urgences le plus proche.
ou	or	o	或者	أو	или	ou
Ou cadastre-se usando seu e-mail	Or sign up using your email	O regístrese usando su e-mail	或使用您的電子郵件註冊	أو سجل الاشتراك باستخدام بريدك الإلكتروني	Или зарегистрироваться с помощью электронной почты	Ou inscrivez-vous en utilisant votre e-mail
Ou use o seu e-mail	Or use your email	O use su e-mail	或使用您的電子郵件	أو استخدم بريدك الإلكتروني	Или использовать ваш электронный адрес	Ou utilisez votre e-mail
Out	Oct	Oct	10 月	أكتوبر	Окт	Oct
Outros	Others	Otros	其他	أخرى	Другие	Autres
Outubro	October	Octubre	10 月	أكتوبر	Октябрь	Octobre
Padrasto	Stepfather	Padrastro	繼父	زوج الأم	Отчим	Beau-père
Pai	Father	Padre	父親	الأب	Отец	Père
País	Country	País	國家	البلد	Страна	Pays
País de origem	Country of origin	País de origen	原籍國	بلد المنشأ	Страна происхождения	Pays d'origine
Países Baixos Caribenhos	Caribbean Netherlands	Países Bajos Caribeños	荷蘭加勒比區	الجزر الكاريبية الهولندية	Карибские Нидерланды	Antilles néerlandaises
Palau	Palau	Palau	帕勞	باﻻو	Палау	Palaos
Panamá	Panama	Panamá	巴拿馬	بنما	Панама	Panama
Papua-Nova Guiné	Papua New Guinea	Papua Nueva Guinea	巴布亞紐幾內亞	بابوا غينيا الجديدة	Папуа-Новая Гвинея	Papouasie-Nouvelle Guinée
Paquistão	Pakistan	Pakistán	巴基斯坦	باكستان	Пакистан	Pakistan
Para jogar, é preciso ter pontos de energia. Participe diariamente do Guardiões da Saúde para ganhá-los!	You must have energy points to play. Participate in Guardians of Health every day to earn points!	Para jugar se necesita tener puntos de energía. ¡Participe diariamente en Guardianes de la Salud para ganarlos!	您必須有能量點數才能玩。每天參加健康衛士能夠賺取積分 ！	يجب أن تتوفر لديك نقاط طاقة للعب. شارك في تطبيق "مدير الصحة" يوميًا للحصول على النقاط!	Чтобы играть, вы должны иметь заряд энергии. Будьте ежедневно Стражами Здоровья, чтобы их заработать!	Pour jouer, vous devez avoir des points d’énergie. Participez quotidiennement aux Gardiens de la Santé pour en gagner !
Para maiores informações, consulte os Termos de Uso	Read the Terms of Use for more information	Para obtener más información, consulte los Términos de Uso	閱讀使用條款了解詳細資訊	اقرأ شروط الاستخدام للحصول على مزيد من المعلومات	Для получения дополнительной информации смотрите Условия Использования	Pour plus d'informations, consultez les Conditions d'Utilisation
Parabéns, você chegou ao final do jogo! Agradecemos por você ter cumprido este desafio e ficamos muito felizes com a sua participação! Continue participando diariamente do Guardiões da Saúde e ajude a melhorar a saúde da sua comunidade.	Congratulations, you reached the end of the game! Thank you for facing this challenge. We appreciate your participation! Continue participating in Guardians of Health every day and help improve the health of your community.	Felicidades, ¡usted llegó al final del juego! ¡Le agradecemos por haber cumplido este desafío y nos alegra mucho su participación! Continúe participando diariamente en Guardianes de la Salud y ayude a mejorar la salud de su comunidad.	恭喜，您已經達到了遊戲的終點! 謝謝您面對挑戰。我們非常感謝您的參與 ！每天繼續參加健康衛可幫助改進社區的健康狀況。	تهانينا، لقد وصلت إلى نهاية اللعبة! نشكرك على مواجهة هذا التحدي. نقدر مشاركتك! تابع المشاركة في تطبيق مدير الصحة يوميًا وساعد في تحسين الرعاية الصحية في مجتمعك.	Поздравляем, вы дошли до конца игры! Благодарим Вас за то, что вы приняли этот вызов, и мы очень рады вашему участию! Продолжить участвовать в приложении «Стражи Здоровья», помогая тем самым улучшить здоровье своего сообщества.	Félicitations, vous êtes arrivé jusqu’au bout du jeu ! Merci d’avoir relevé ce défi. Nous avons vraiment apprécié votre participation ! Continuez à participer aux Gardiens de la Santé tous les jours et contribuez à améliorer la santé de votre collectivité.
Paraguai	Paraguay	Paraguay	巴拉圭	باراجواي	Парагвай	Paraguay
Pardo	Mixed	Pardo	混合	مختلط	Пардо	Brun
Parentesco	Kinship	Parentesco	親屬關係	صلة القرابة	Родство	Lien de parenté
Participações	Participations	Participaciones	參與	مشاركات	Участие	Participations
Participe Agora!	Participate Now!	¡Participe Ahora!	現在參與 ！	شارك الآن!	Присоединяйтесь к нам сейчас!	Participez dès maintenant !
Participe ativamente na prevenção de doenças.	Actively participate in preventing diseases.	Participe activamente en la prevención de enfermedades.	積極參與疾病預防。	شارك بفاعلية في الوقاية من الأمراض.	Принимайте активное участие в профилактике заболеваний.	Participez activement à la prévention des maladies.
Participe diariamente do Guardiões da Saúde para restaurá-las!	Participate in Guardians of Health every day to restore them!	¡Participe diariamente en Guardianes de la Salud para restaurarlas!	每天參加健康衛士以恢復它們 ！	شارك في تطبيق "مدير الصحة" يوميًا لاستعادتها!	Будьте ежедневно Стражами Здоровья, чтобы его восстановить!	Participez quotidiennement aux Gardiens de la Santé pour les restaurer !
Participe na prevenção de doenças, contribuindo ativamente com a vigilância em saúde no Brasil.	Participate in preventing diseases and actively help promote health surveillance in Brazil.	Participe en la prevención de enfermedades, contribuyendo activamente a la vigilancia de la salud en Brasil.	參與疾病預防，積極幫助促進巴西的健康監測。	شارك في الوقاية من الأمراض وساعد بفاعلية في تعزيز الرقابة الصحية في البرازيل.	Принимайте участие в профилактике заболеваний, активно участвуя в надзоре за состоянием здоровья в Бразилии.	Participez à la prévention des maladies, en contribuant activement à la surveillance de la santé au Brésil.
Pentatlo Moderno	Modern Pentathlon	Pentatlón Moderno	現代五項運動	الخماسي الحديث	Современное Пятиборье	Pentathlon moderne
Perfil	Profile	Perfil	設定檔	ملف التعريف	Профиль	Profil
Peru	Peru	Perú	秘魯	بيرو	Перу	Pérou
Pesquise pela sua cidade	Search your city	Busque su ciudad	搜索您的城市	البحث في مدينتك	Ищите по своему городу	Recherchez par votre ville
Polícia Militar	Military Police	Policía Militar	軍警	الشرطة العسكرية	Полиция	Police militaire
Polinésia Francesa	French Polynesia	Polinesia Francesa	法屬玻里尼西亞	بولينزيا الفرنسية	Французская Полинезия	Polynésie française
Política de Privacidade	Privacy Policy	Política de Privacidad	隱私權原則	سياسة الخصوصية	Политика Конфиденциальности	Politique de confidentialité
Polo Aquático	Water Polo	Polo Acuático	水球運動	كرة الماء	Водное Поло	Water-polo
Polônia	Poland	Polonia	波蘭	بولندا	Польша	Pologne
Pontuação	Score	Puntuación	得分	النتيجة	Оценка	Score
Por favor verifique sua conexão!	Please check your connection.	¡Por favor verifique su conexión!	請檢查您的連接。	يرجى التحقق من اتصالك.	Пожалуйста, проверьте соединение!	Veuillez vérifier votre connexion !
Por favor, preencha todos os campos do formulário abaixo.	Please fill out all fields in the form below.	Por favor, rellene todos los campos del formulario de abajo.	請填寫下面表格中的所有欄位。	يرجى ملء جميع الحقول في النموذج التالي.	Пожалуйста, заполните все ячейки в форме ниже.	Veuillez remplir tous les champs du formulaire ci-dessous.
Por favor, selecione o pais!	Please select the country.	Por favor, ¡seleccione el país!	請選擇國家/地區。	يرجى تحديد الدولة.	Пожалуйста, выберите страну!	Veuillez sélectionner le pays !
Porto Rico	Puerto Rico	Puerto Rico	波多黎各	بورتوريكو	Пуэрто-Рико	Porto Rico
Portugal	Portugal	Portugal	葡萄牙	البرتغال	Португалия	Portugal
Pratique sexo de forma segura	Practice safe sex	Practique sexo de forma segura	進行安全性行為	الممارسة الجنسية الآمنة	Практикуйте безопасный секс	Avoir des rapports sexuels sans risques
Preencha todos os campos abaixo para adicionar um novo integrante.	Fill out all of the fields below to add a new member.	Rellene todos los campos de abajo para adicionar un nuevo integrante.	填寫下面的所有欄位以添加新成員。	املأ جميع الحقول التالية لإضافة عضو جديد.	Заполните все ячейки, чтобы добавить нового участника.	Remplissez tous les champs ci-dessous pour ajouter un nouveau membre.
Preencha todos os campos do formulário.	Fill out all form fields.	Rellene todos los campos del formulario.	請填寫所有表單欄位。	املأ جميع حقول الموذج.	Заполните все ячейки формы.	Veuillez remplir tous les champs du formulaire.
Preparado para se tornar um Guardião da Saúde?	Are you ready to become a Guardian of Health?	¿Preparado para tornarse un Guardián de la Salud?	您是否準備好了成為一個健康衛士？	هل أنت مستعد لتصبح مديرًا للصحة؟	Готов стать Стражем Здоровья?	Prêt à devenir un Gardien de la Santé ?
Preto	Black	Negro	黑色	أسود	Черный	Noir
Prevenção	Prevention	Prevención	預防	الوقاية	Профилактика	Prévention
Prima	Cousin	Prima	表親	ابن العم	Двоюродная Сестра	Cousine
Primo	Cousin	Primo	表親	ابن العم	Двоюродный Брат	Cousin
Procurar UPAs	Find UPAs	Buscar UPAs	搜索 UPA	البحث عن أماكن UPA	Найти Пункт Скорой Помощи	Contacter les urgences
Procurei um serviço de saúde	I visited a healthcare service	Busqué un servicio de salud	我拜訪一家醫療中心	لقد بحثت عن خدمة رعاية صحية	Найти Медицинское Обслуживание	J'ai consulté un service de santé
Próximo	Next	Cercano	下一個	مجاورة	Ближайшее	Suivant
Qua	Wed	Mie	星期三	الأربعاء	Сре	Mer
Qual tipo de micro-organismo é responsável pela dengue?	Which type of microorganism is responsible for dengue fever?	¿Cuál tipo de microorganismo es responsable por el dengue?	哪種類型的微生物會引起登革熱病？	أي نوع من أنواع البكتريا مسؤول عن حمى الضنك؟	Какой тип микроорганизма отвечает за Денге?	Quel type de micro-organisme est responsable de la dengue ?
Quarta-Feira	Wednesday	Miércoles	星期三	الأربعاء	Среда	Mercredi
Quem vai participar?	Who will participate?	¿Quién participará?	誰會參加？	من الذي سيشارك؟	Кто будет участвовать?	Qui va participer ?
Quênia	Kenya	Kenia	肯尼雅	كينيا	Кения	Kenya
Qui	Thur	Jue	星期四	الخميس	Чет	Jeu
Quinta-Feira	Thursday	Jueves	星期四	الخميس	Четверг	Jeudi
Quirguistão	Kyrgyzstan	Kirguizistán	吉爾吉斯斯坦	قرجستان	Киргизия	Kirghizistan
Quiribati	Kiribati	Kiribati	吉里巴斯	كريباتي	Кирибати	Kiribati
Ranking Geral	General Ranking	Ranking General	一般排名	الترتيب العام	Общий Рейтинг	Classement général
Redefinir senha	Reset password	Redefinir contraseña	重置密碼	إعادة تعيين كلمة المرور	Восстановление Пароля	Changer le mot de passe
Registrar	Register	Registrar	雷吉斯特	تسجيل	Зарегистрировать	Enregistrer
Reino Unido	United Kingdom	Reino Unido	英國	المملكة المتحدة	Великобритания	Royaume-Uni
Relação de participações por mês	List of participations per month	Relación de participaciones por mes	每月參與清單	قائمة المشاركات حسب الشهر	Статистика участия за месяц	Liste des participations par mois
Relatar Erros	Report Errors	Relatar Errores	報告錯誤	تقرير الأخطاء	Отчёт об Ошибках	Signaler des erreurs
Relatórios	Reports	Informes	報告	التقارير	Отчеты	Rapports
Remo	Rowing	Remo	賽艇	التجديف	Гребля	Aviron
Repetir Senha	Repeat Password	Repetir Contraseña	請重複輸入密碼	إعادة تكرار كلمة المرور	Повторить Пароль	Retaper le mot de passe
República Centro-Africana	Central African Republic	República Centroafricana.	中非共和國	جمهورية أفريقيا الوسطى	Центрально-Африканская Республика	République centrafricaine.
República Dominicana	Dominican Republic	República Dominicana	多明尼加共和國	جمهورية الدومينيكان	Доминиканская Республика	République dominicaine
República dos Camarões	Republic of Cameroon	República de Camerún	喀麥隆共和國	جمهورية الكاميرون	Камерун	République du Cameroun
República Tcheca	Czech Republic	República Checa	捷克共和國	جمهورية التشيك	Чехия	République tchèque
Respiratória	Respiratory	Respiratoria	呼吸	الجهاز التنفسي	Респираторный	Respiratoire
Respiratória (febre, além de algum destes sintomas: tosse ou dor de garganta ou falta de ar ou manchas vermelhas no corpo)	Respiratory (fever, as well as any of the following symptoms: coughing, sore throat, shortness of breath, or red spots on the body)	Respiratoria (fiebre, además de alguno de estos síntomas: tos o dolor de garganta o falta de aire o manchas rojas en el cuerpo)	呼吸（發燒，以及任何以下症狀︰咳嗽、喉嚨痛、呼吸急促或身體上的紅點）	الجهاز التنفسي (حمى، فضلا عن أي من الأعراض التالية: الكحة، أو التهاب الحلق، أو ضيق في التنفس، أو بقع حمراء على الجسم)	Респираторный (лихорадка, или любой из этих симптомов: кашель, боль в горле, затрудненное дыхание или красные пятна на теле)	Respiratoire (fièvre, accompagnée d'un ou plusieurs de ces symptômes : toux ou mal de gorge ou essoufflement ou taches rouges sur le corps)
Responda corretamente as perguntas sobre saúde para revelar peças.	Answer the health related questions correctly to reveal tiles.	Responda correctamente a las preguntas sobre salud para revelar piezas.	正確回答醫療保健問題以揭示瓷磚。	أجب عن أسئلة الرعاية الصحية بشكل صحيح للكشف عن القطع.	Отвечайте правильно на вопросы, касающиеся здоровья, чтобы выявить детали.	Répondez correctement aux questions de santé pour activer des parties.
Resumo	Summary	Resumen	摘要	ملخص	Выводы	Résumé
Reunião	Meeting	Reunión	會議	الاجتماع	Совещание	Réunion
Romênia	Romania	Rumania	羅馬尼亞	رومانيا	Румыния	Roumanie
Ruanda	Rwanda	Ruanda	盧安達	رواندا	Руанда	Rwanda
Rubgy	Rubgy	Rubgy	橄欖球	الرجبي	Регби	Rubgy
Rússia	Russia	Rusia	俄羅斯	روسيا	Россия	Russie
Saara Ocidental	Western Sahara	Sáhara Occidental	西撒哈拉	الصحراء الغربية	Западная Сахара	Sahara occidental
Sáb	Sat	Sáb	星期六	السبت	Суб	Sam
Sábado	Saturday	Sábado	星期六	السبت	Суббота	Samedi
Saint Pierre e Miquelon	Saint Pierre and Miquelon	Saint Pierre y Miquelon	聖皮爾和密克隆	سان بيير وميكلون	Сен-Пьер и Микелон	Saint Pierre et Miquelon
Saint-Martin	Saint-Martin	Saint-Martin	聖馬丁島	سان مارتن	Сен Мартен	Saint-Martin
Sair	Exit	Salir	退出	خروج	Выход	Sortir
Saltos Ornamentais	Diving	Saltos Ornamentales	跳水	الغطس	Прыжки в Воду	Plongeon artistique
Salvar	Save	Guardar	保存	حفظ	Сохранить	Enregistrer
Salvar Alterações	Save Changes	Guardar Alteraciones	保存更改	حفظ التغييرات	Сохранить Изменения	Enregistrer les modifications
Salvar foto	Save photo	Guardar foto	保存照片	حفظ الصورة	Сохранить Фото	Enregistrer la photo
Samoa	Samoa	Samoa	薩摩亞	ساموا	Самоа	Samoa
Samoa Americana	American Samoa	Samoa Americana	美屬薩摩亞	ساموا الأمريكية	Американское Самоа	Samoa américaines
San Marino	San Marino	San Marino	聖馬利諾	سان مارينو	Сан - Марино	Saint-Marin
Sangramento	Bleeding	Sangrado	出血	نزيف	Кровотечение	Le saignement
Sangramento	Bleeding	Sangrado	出血	نزيف	Кровотечение	Le saignement
Santa Helena	Saint Helena	Santa Helena	聖海倫娜	سانت هيلينا	Святой Елены	Sainte-Hélène
Santa Lúcia	Saint Lucia	Santa Lucía	聖露西亞	سانت لوسيا	Сент-Люсия	Sainte-Lucie
São Bartolomeu	São Bartolomeu	San Bartolomé	聖巴托洛梅烏	سانت بارثولوميو	Святого Варфоломея	São Bartolomeu
São Cristóvão e Nevis	Saint Kitts and Nevis	Saint Kitts y Nevis	聖基茨和尼維斯	سانت كيتس ونيفيس	Сент-Китс и Невис	Saint-Kitts-et-Nevis
São Tomé e Príncipe	São Tomé and Príncipe	Santo Tomé y Príncipe	聖多美及普林西比島	ساو تومي وبرينسيب	Демократическая Республика Сан-Томе и Принсипи	São Tomé et Príncipe
São Vicente e Granadinas	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	San Vicente y Granadinas	聖文森特和格林納丁斯群島	سانت فينسنت والغرينادين	Сент-Винсент и Гренадины	Saint Vincent et les Grenadines
Saúde do viajante	Traveler's health	Salud del viajero	旅行者健康	صحة المسافر	Здоровье путешественника	Santé des voyageurs
Seg	Mon	Lun	星期一	الاثنين	Пон	Lun
Segunda-Feira	Monday	Lunes	星期一	الاثنين	Понедельник	Lundi
Seja um Guardião da Saúde da sua comunidade, baixe o aplicativo!	Download the app and become a Guardian of Health for your community!	Sea un Guardián de la Salud de su comunidad, ¡baje la aplicación!	下載應用程式并成為您的社區的一個健康衛士 ！	نزل التطبيق وكن مديرًا للصحة في مجتمعك!	Станьте Стражем Здоровья в вашем сообществе, скачать приложение!	Devenez un Gardien de la Santé de votre collectivité, téléchargez l'application.
Selecionar	Select	Seleccionar	選擇	تحديد	Выбрать	Sélectionner
Selecionar Integrante	Select Member	Seleccionar Integrante	選擇成員	حدد عضوًا	Выберите Участника	Sélectionner un membre
Selecione algum dos perfis abaixo para começar a participar.	Select one of the following profiles to participate.	Seleccione alguno de los perfiles de abajo para comenzar a participar.	選擇下列設定檔之一才能參加。	حدد أحد ملفات التعريف التالية للمشاركة.	Выберите некоторые из приведенных ниже профилей, чтобы начать участвовать.	Sélectionnez l'un des profils ci-dessous pour commencer à participer.
Selecione o idioma	Select the language	Seleccione el idioma	選擇語言	حدد اللغة	Выберите язык	Sélectionnez la langue
Selecione o país	Select the country	Seleccione el país	選擇國家/地區	حدد الدولة	Выберите страну	Sélectionnez le pays
Selecione o parentesco	Select the kinship	Seleccione el parentesco	選擇親屬	حدد القرابة	Выберите родственные связи	Sélectionnez le lien de parenté
Selecione o perfil	Select the profile	Seleccione el perfil	選擇設定檔	حدد ملف التعريف	Выберите профиль	Sélectionnez le profil
Selecione qual dos perfis abaixo quer editar.	Select which of the following profiles you want to edit.	Seleccione cuál de los perfiles de abajo desea editar.	選擇下面要編輯的設定檔。	حدد أي من ملفات التعريف التالية تريد تعديلها.	Выберите, какой из профилей ниже хотите редактировать.	Sélectionnez le profil ci-dessous que vous souhaitez modifier.
Selecione seu sexo	Select your gender	Seleccione su sexo	選擇性別	حدد الجنس	Выберите пол	Sélectionnez votre sexe
Selecione sua Cor/Raça	Select your Color/Race	Seleccione su Color/Raza	選擇膚色/種族	حدد اللون/العرق	Выберите Цвет Кожи / Расу	Sélectionnez votre couleur/race
Selecione sua data de nascimento	Select your date of birth	Seleccione su fecha de nacimiento	選擇出生日期	حدد تاريخ ميلادك	Выберите дату рождения	Sélectionnez votre date de naissance
Selecione um integrante	Select a member	Seleccione un integrante	選擇成員	حدد عضوًا	Выберите участника	Sélectionnez un membre
Senegal	Senegal	Senegal	塞內加爾	السنغال	Сенегал	Sénégal
Senha	Password	Contraseña	密碼	كلمة المرور	Пароль	Mot de passe
Senha Atual	Current Password	Contraseña Actual	當前密碼	كلمة المرور الحالية	Текущий Пароль	Mot de passe actuel
Senha atual é um campo obrigatório.	Current password is a required field.	Contraseña actual es un campo obligatorio.	當前密碼是必填欄位	كلمة المرور الحالية حقل مطلوب	Текущий пароль является обязательной ячейкой.	Le mot de passe actuel est un champ obligatoire.
Senha atual incorreta.	Incorrect current password.	Contraseña actual incorrecta.	當前密碼不正確。	كلمة المرور الحالية غير صحيحة.	Неверный пароль.	Mot de passe actuel incorrect.
Senha atualizada com sucesso.	Password successfully updated.	Contraseña actualizada con éxito.	已成功更新密碼。	تم تحديث كلمة المرور بنجاح.	Пароль успешно обновлен.	Mot de passe mis à jour avec succès.
Senha é um campo obrigatório	Password is a required field	Contraseña es un campo obligatorio	密碼是必填欄位	كلمة المرور حقل مطلوب.	Пароль является обязательной ячейкой	Le mot de passe est un champ obligatoire
Senha precisa ter pelo menos 6 caracteres	The password must have at least 6 characters	Contraseña necesita tener por lo menos 6 caracteres	密碼必須至少 6 個字元	يجب أن تحتوي كلمة المرور على 6 أحرف على الأقل.	Пароль должен содержать не менее 6 символов	Le mot de passe doit avoir au moins 6 caractères
Sentimos sua falta	We missed you	Lo echamos de menos	我們錯過了您	نفتقدك	Нам вас не хватает	Vous nous avez manqué
Serra Leoa	Sierra Leone	Sierra Leona	塞拉里昂	سيراليون	Сьерра-Леоне	Sierra Leone
Sérvia	Serbia	Serbia	塞爾維亞	صربيا	Сербия	Serbie
Set	Sep	Sep	9 月	سبتمبر	Сент	Sept
Setembro	September	Septiembre	9 月	سبتمبر	Сентябрь	Septembre
Sex	Fri	Sex	星期五	الجمعة	Пят	Vend.
Sexo	Gender	Sexo	性別	النوع	Пол	Sexe
Sexo é um campo obrigatório.	Gender is a required field.	Sexo es un campo obligatorio.	性別是必填欄位。	النوع حقل مطلوب.	Пол является обязательной ячейкой.	Le sexe est un champ obligatoire.
Sexta-Feira	Friday	Viernes	星期五	الجمعة	Пятница	Vendredi
Seychelles	Seychelles	Seychelles	塞席爾	سيشل	Сейшельские Острова	Seychelles
Sim	Yes	Sí	是	نعم	Да	Oui
Síndromes	Syndromes	Síndromes	綜合征	الأعراض	Синдромы	Syndromes
Síndromes são conjuntos de manifestações clínicas comuns a um número de doenças, entre elas: Diarreica(febre e náusea ou vômito, além de algum destes sintomas: dores no corpo ou dor de cabeça)	Syndromes: groups of clinical signs common to a number of diseases, including: Diarrheic (fever and nausea or vomiting, as well as any of the following symptoms: body aches or headaches)	Síndromes son conjuntos de manifestaciones clínicas comunes a un número de enfermedades, entre ellas: Diarreica(fiebre y nausea o vómito, además de alguno de estos síntomas: dolores en el cuerpo o dolor de cabeza)	綜合征：許多疾病常見的一組臨床症狀，包括 ︰腹瀉型 (發燒和噁心或嘔吐，以及任何以下症狀 ︰ 身體痛或頭痛)	الأعراض: مجموعة من العلامات المرضية الشائعة لعدد من الأمراض، وتشتمل على: المصاب بالإسهال (يعاني من الحمى والغثيان أو القيء، فضلاً عن أي من الأعراض التالية: آلام في الجسم أو الصداع)	Синдромы являются набором общих клинических проявлений ряда заболеваний, в том числе: Вызывающий диарею (жар, тошнота, рвота, а также любой из этих симптомов: боли в теле или головная боль)	Les syndromes sont des ensembles de signes cliniques communs à un certain nombre de maladies, comme par exemple : Maladie diarrhéique (fièvre et nausées ou vomissements, en plus de quelques uns de ces symptômes : douleurs dans le corps ou à la tête)
Sint Maarten	Sint Maarten	Saint Maarten	聖馬丁	سانت مارتن	Синт-Маартен	Sint Maarten
Sintomas	Symptoms	Síntomas	症狀	الأعراض	Симптомы	Symptômes
Síria	Syria	Siria	敘利亞	سوريا	Сирия	Syrie
Só é possível adicionar 10 integrantes!	Only 10 members can be added!	¡Sólo se permite adicionar a 10 integrantes!	僅可以添加 10 名成員 ！	يمكن إضافة 10 أعضاء فقط!	Вы можете добавить только 10 членов!	Vous ne pouvez ajouter que 10 membres !
Sobre	About	Sobre	關於	حول	О	Sur
Sobrinha	Niece	Sobrina	侄女	ابنة الأخ	Племянница	Nièce
Sobrinho	Nephew	Sobrino	侄子	ابن الأخ	Племянник	Neveu
Sogra	Mother-in-law	Suegra	婆婆	حماة	Свекровь	Belle-mère
Sogro	Father-in-law	Suegro	岳父	الحمو	Свёкор	Beau-père
Somália	Somalia	Somalia	索馬里	الصومال	Сомали	Somalie
Sri Lanka	Sri Lanka	Sri Lanka	斯里蘭卡	سريلانكا	Шри Ланка	Sri Lanka
Sua conta foi desativada com sucesso.	Your account has been successfully deactivated.	Su cuenta fue desactivada con éxito.	您的帳戶已被成功停用。	تم إلغاء تنشيط حسابك بنجاح.	Ваш аккаунт был успешно отключен.	Votre compte a été désactivé avec succès.
Sua participação é voluntária e anônima	Your participation is voluntary and anonymous	Su participación es voluntaria y anónima	您的參與是自願和匿名的	مشاركتك طوعية ومجهولة الهوية	Ваше участие является добровольным и анонимным	Votre participation est volontaire et anonyme
Suazilândia	Swaziland	Suazilandia	史瓦濟蘭	سوازيلاند	Свазиленд	Swaziland
Sudão	Sudan	Sudán	蘇丹	السودان	Судан	Soudan
Sudão do Sul	South Sudan	Sudán del Sur	南蘇丹	جنوب السودان	Южный Судан	Soudan du Sud
Suécia	Sweden	Suecia	瑞典	السويد	Швеция	Suède
Suíça	Switzerland	Suiza	瑞士	سويسرا	Швейцария	Suisse
Suriname	Suriname	Surinam	蘇利南	سورينام	Суринам	Suriname
Svalbard e Jan Mayen	Svalbard and Jan Mayen	Svalbard y Jan Mayen	斯瓦爾巴和揚馬延島	سفالبارد ويان ماين	Шпицберген и Ян-Майен	Svalbard et Jan Mayen
Taekwondo	Taekwondo	Taekwondo	跆拳道	التايكوندو	Тхэквондо	Taekwondo
Tailândia	Thailand	Tailandia	泰國	تايلاند	Королевство Таиланд	Thaïlande
Taiwan	Taiwan	Taiwán	臺灣	تايوان	Тайвань	Taiwan
Tajiquistão	Tajikistan	Tayikistán	塔吉克斯坦	طاجيكستان	Таджикистан	Tadjikistan
Tanzânia	Tanzania	Tanzania	坦尚尼亞	تنزانيا	Танзания	Tanzanie
Telefones Úteis	Useful Phone Numbers	Teléfonos Útiles	有用的電話號碼	أرقام هواتف مفيدة	Полезные Телефоны	Numéros utiles
Tem cereza que deseja sair do aplicativo?	Are you sure you wish to exit the app?	¿Está seguro de que desea salir de la aplicación?	您確實要退出該應用程式嗎？	هل ترغب بالتأكيد في الخروج من التطبيق؟	Вы уверены, что хотите выйти из приложения?	Voulez-vous vraiment quitter l'application ?
Tênis	Tennis	Tenis	網球	التنس	Теннис	Tennis
Tênis de Mesa	Table tennis	Tenis de Mesa	乒乓球	تنس الطاولة	Настольный Теннис	Tennis de table
Ter	Tue	Mar	星期二	الثلاثاء	Втор	Mar
Terça-Feira	Tuesday	Martes	星期二	الثلاثاء	Вторник	Mardi
Termos e Políticas	Terms and Policies	Términos y Políticas	條款和政策	الشروط والسياسات	Правила и Условия	Termes et politique
Território Britânico do Oceano Índico	British Indian Ocean Territory	Territorio Británico del Océano Índico	英屬印度洋領地	إقليم المحيط الهندي البريطاني	Британская Территория в Индийском Океане	Territoire britannique de l’Océan Indien
Territórios Franceses do Sul	French Southern and Antarctic Lands	Territorios Franceses del Sur	法屬南半球和南極領地	أراض فرنسية جنوبية وأنتارتيكية	Французские Южные Территории	Territoires français du Sud
Territórios palestinos	Palestinian territories	Territorios Palestinos	巴勒斯坦領地	الأراضي الفلسطينية	Палестинские территории	Territoires palestiniens
Tia	Aunt	Tía	姑媽	العمة	Тётя	Tante
Timor-Leste	East Timor	Timor Este	東帝汶	تيمور الشرقية	Восточный Тимор	Timor oriental
Tio	Uncle	Tío	叔叔	العم	Дядя	Oncle
Tiro com Arco	Archery	Tiro con Arco	射箭	الرماية	Стрельба из Лука	Tir à l'arc
Tiro Esportivo	Shooting	Tiro Deportivo	射擊	إطلاق النار	Спортивная Стрельба	Tir sportif
Tive contato com alguém com um desses sintomas	I came into contact with someone with these symptoms	Tuve contacto con alguien que tiene uno de estos síntomas	我接觸過有這些症狀的人	اتصلت مع أحد الأفراد الذين يعانون من هذه الأعراض	У меня был контакт с кем-то у кого есть эти симптомы	J'ai été en contact avec une personne présentant l’un de ces symptômes
Togo	Togo	Togo	多哥	توغو	Того	Togo
Tokelau	Tokelau	Tokelau	托克勞	توكيلاو	Токелау	Tokelau
Tonga	Tonga	Tonga	湯加	تونغا	Тонга	Tonga
Tornar-se um Guardião da Saúde é muito fácil: seu cadastro pode ser feito através do nosso site ou diretamente no aplicativo do seu smartphone. Cadastre-se e nos ajude a contribuir para o aprimoramento da vigilância participativa em saúde no Brasil.	It’s very easy to become a Guardian of Health: sign up on our website or directly through the smartphone app. Sign up and help us promote participatory health surveillance in Brazil.	Convertirse en un Guardián de la Salud es muy fácil: su registro puede realizarse a través de nuestro sitio o directamente en la aplicación de su smartphone. Regístrese y ayúdenos a contribuir para el perfeccionamiento de la vigilancia participativa de salud en Brasil.	成為健康衛士很容易 : 註冊在我們的網站，直接通過智能手機應用程式。註冊，並幫助我們促進巴西的集體健康監測。	من السهل للغاية أن تصبح مديرًا للصحة: ما عليك سوى تسجيل الاشتراك على موقعنا أو من خلال تطبيق الهاتف الذكي مباشرة. سجل الاشتراك وساعدنا في تعزيز الرقابة الصحية الجماعية في البرازيل.	Стать Стражем Здоровья очень легко: вы можете зарегистрироваться через наш сайт или непосредственно через приложение на вашем смартфоне. Зарегистрируйтесь и внесите свой вклад в улучшение надзора за состоянием здоровья в Бразилии.	Devenir Gardien de la Santé est très simple : votre inscription peut se faire sur notre site Web ou directement dans l'application de votre smartphone. Inscrivez-vous et aidez-nous à améliorer la surveillance participative de la santé au Brésil.
Torne-se um Guardião da Saúde.	Become a Guardian of Health now.	Conviértase en un Guardián de la Salud.	馬上成為一名健康衛士。	هل أنت مستعد لتصبح مديرًا للصحة الآن.	Станьте Стражем Здоровья.	Devenez Gardien de la Santé
Tosse	Coughing	Tos	咳嗽	السعال	Кашель	La toux
Total de Participações	Total Participations	Total de Participaciones	總參與數	إجمالي المشاركات	Всего Участия	Total des participations
Trabalhador / Voluntário	Worker / Volunteer	Trabajador / Voluntario	工人 / 志願者	عامل / متطوع	Работающий / Доброволец	Travailleur/bénévole
Triatlo	Triathlon	Triatlón	鐵人三項	سباق ثلاثي	Троеборье	Triathlon
Trinidad e Tobago	Trinidad and Tobago	Trinidad y Tobago	特立尼達和多巴哥	ترينيداد وتوباغو	Тринидад и Тобаго	Trinité-et-Tobago
Tunísia	Tunisia	Túnez	突尼斯	تونس	Тунис	Tunisie
Turcomenistão	Turkmenistan	Turkmenistán	土庫曼斯坦	تركمانستان	Туркменистан	Turkménistan
Turquia	Turkey	Turquía	土耳其	تركيا	Турция	Turquie
Tutorial	Tutorial	Tutorial	教程	برنامج تعليمي	Обучающий материал	Tutoriel
Tuvalu	Tuvalu	Tuvalu	吐瓦魯	توفالو	Тувалу	Tuvalu
Ucrânia	Ukraine	Ucrania	烏克蘭	أوكرانيا	Украина	Ukraine
Uganda	Uganda	Uganda	烏干達	أوغندا	Уганда	Ouganda
Um mapa da saúde no seu bolso.	A handy map of health in your pocket.	Un mapa de la salud en su bolsillo.	方便的袖珍型健康地圖。	خريطة صحية مفيدة في جيبك.	Карта здоровья в вашем кармане.	Une carte de la santé dans votre poche.
Um mosquito não é mais forte que um país inteiro. Todo dia é dia de combater o Aedes aegypti. Clique para saber mais.	A mosquito cannot be stronger than a whole country. Every day is a good day to fight against the Aedes aegypti. Click to learn more.	Un mosquito no es más fuerte que un país entero. Todo día es día de combatir al Aedes aegypti. Haga clic para saber más.	一隻蚊子無法強過整個國家。每天都是對付伊蚊的好日子。點擊以瞭解更多。	لا يمكن أن يكون البعوض أقوى من بلد بأكمله. يُعد كل يوم يومًا جيدًا لمكافحة بعوض الزاعجة المصرية. انقر لمعرفة المزيد.	Комар не сильнее целой страны. Каждый день это день борьбы с комаром жёлтой лихорадки. Нажмите, чтобы узнать побольше.	Un moustique n'est pas plus fort que tout un pays. Chaque jour est un jour de lutte contre l'Aedes aegypti. Cliquez pour en savoir plus.
UPAs	Emergency healthcare center	UPAs	急救醫療中心	UPAs	Пункты Скорой Помощи	Les urgences
Uruguai	Uruguay	Uruguay	烏拉圭	أوروغواي	Уругвай	Uruguay
Uzbequistão	Uzbekistan	Uzbekistán	烏茲別克斯坦	أوزبكستان	Узбекистан	Ouzbékistan
Vacina	Vaccine	Vacuna	疫苗	لقاح	Прививка	Le vaccin
Vacinas	Vaccines	Vacunas	疫苗	لقاحات	Прививки	Vaccins
Vanuatu	Vanuatu	Vanuatu	瓦努阿圖	فانواتو	Вануату	Vanuatu
Veja como está a saúde perto de você	Check out health conditions near you	Vea cómo está la salud cerca de usted	查閱您附近的衛生情況	تحقق من حالات الرعاية الصحية القريبة منك	Проверьте ситуацию в области здравоохранения рядом с вами.	Découvrez l'état de santé à vos alentours
Veja como se prevenir de doenças, quais UPAs e farmácias mais próximas de você e telefones úteis para caso de emergência.	Learn how to prevent diseases, find the nearestUPAsand drugstores, and view useful phone numbers to call in case of emergency.	Vea cómo prevenirse de enfermedades, qué UPAs y farmacias están más cerca de usted y los teléfonos útiles para casos de emergencia.	瞭解如何預防疾病，查找最近的UPA和藥店，並查看有用的電話號碼以在緊急情況下撥打。	تعرف على كيفية الوقاية من الأمراض، وتعرف على أماكن UPA والصيدليات القريبة منك، وتعرف على أرقام هواتف مفيدة للاتصال بها في حالة الطوارئ.	Посмотрите, как предотвратить заболевания, какие Пункты Скорой Помощи находятся ближе к вам, а также полезные телефоны для экстренных случаев.	Découvrez comment prévenir les maladies, Les services d'urgences et les pharmacies les plus proches et les numéros utiles en cas d'urgence.
Vela	Sailing	Vela	帆船	الإبحار	Свеча	Voile
Venezuela	Venezuela	Venezuela	委內瑞拉	فنزويلا	Венесуэла	Venezuela
Verifique as permissões da galeria 'Fotos'.	Check ‘Photo’ gallery permissions.	Verifique los permisos de la galería 'Fotos'.	檢查“照片”庫的許可權。	تحقق من أذونات معرض الصور.	Проверьте права доступа к галерее «Фотографии».	Vérifiez les autorisations de la galerie ’Photos’.
Vietnã	Vietnam	Vietnam	越南	فيتنام	Вьетнам	Vietnam
Vírus	Virus	Virus	病毒	فيروس	Вирус	Un virus
Você ainda não possui participações. Ajude a melhorar a saúde da sua comunidade!	You still don’t have participations. Help improve the health of your community!	Usted todavía no posee participaciones. ¡Ayude a mejorar la salud de su comunidad!	您還沒有參與。幫助提高您社區的健康 ！	ليس لديك مشاركات بعد. ساعد على تحسين الرعاية الصحية في مجتمعك!	Вы до сих пор не участвовали. Помогите улучшить здоровье вашего сообщества!	Vous n'avez encore aucune participation Participez à l’amélioration de la santé de votre collectivité !
Você está aqui!	You are here!	¡Usted está aquí!	您在這裡 ！	أنت هنا!	Вы находитесь здесь!	Vous êtes ici!
Você está sem energias!	You don’t have energy points!	¡Usted no tiene energía!	您沒有能量點 ！	ليس لديك نقاط طاقة!	У вас больше нет энергии!	Vous êtes sans énergie !
Você possui 10 pontos de energia!	You have 10 energy points!	¡Usted tiene 10 puntos de energía!	您有 10 個能量點 ！	لديك 10 نقاط طاقة!	У вас есть 10 очков энергии!	Vous avez 10 points d’énergie !
Vôlei de Praia	Beach Volleyball	Voleibol de Playa	沙灘排球	الكرة الطائرة الشاطئية	Пляжный Волейбол	Beach-volley
Voleibol	Volleyball	Voleibol	排球	الكرة الطائرة	Волейбол	Volley-ball
Wallis e Futuna	Wallis and Futuna Islands	Wallis y Futuna	瓦利斯群島和富圖納群島	جزر والس وفوتونا	Уоллис и Футуна	Wallis et Futuna
Zâmbia	Zambia	Zambia	尚比亞	زامبيا	Замбия	Zambie
Zimbábue	Zimbabwe	Zimbabue	辛巴威	زيمبابوي	Зимбабве	Zimbabwe
Todo dia é dia de combater o Aedes aegypti	Every day is a day to combat Aedes aegypti	Cada día es un día de combate Aedes aegypti	每一天都是戰鬥埃及伊蚊的一天	كل يوم هو يوم للقتال الزاعجة المصرية	Каждый день это день боевого комар жёлтолихорадочный	Chaque jour est un jour de combat contre le moustique Aedes aegypti
Clique para saber mais	Click to learn more	Haga clic para obtener más información	點擊了解更多	انقر لمعرفة المزيد	Нажмите, чтобы узнать больше	Cliquez ici pour en savoir plus
Um mosquito não é mais forte que um país inteiro.	A mosquito is not stronger than an entire country.	Un mosquito no es más fuerte que todo un país.	蚊子不比整個國家更強大。	والبعوض ليست أقوى من بلد بأكمله.	Комар не сильнее целой страны.	Un moustique est pas plus fort que tout un pays.
Atenção	Attention	precaución	警告	الحذر	осторожность	Attention
opcional	optional	opcional	自選	اختياري	необязательный	optionnel
Ajude a melhorar a saúde da sua comunidade.	Help improve the health of your community.	Ayudar a mejorar la salud de su comunidad.	幫助您提高社區的健康。	تساعد على تحسين صحة مجتمعك.	Помогите улучшить здоровье вашего сообщества.	Aider à améliorer la santé de votre collectivité.
Continuar no site	Continue on the site	Continuar en el sitio	繼續在網站上	تواصل على الموقع	Продолжить на сайте	Continuer sur le site
Complete suas informações para efetuar o cadastro	Complete your information to complete the registration	Complete su información para completar el registro	填寫您的信息，以完成註冊	استكمال المعلومات الخاصة بك لإكمال التسجيل	Заполните информацию для завершения регистрации	Complétez votre information pour terminer l'enregistrement
Sua conta foi reativada com sucesso, agora você poderá fazer login normalmente.	Your account has been reactivated successfully, you can now log in as usual.	Su cuenta ha sido reactivada con éxito, ahora puede conectarse de forma normal.	您的帳戶已重新啟動成功，你現在可以正常登錄	تم تفعيل حسابك بنجاح، يمكنك الآن تسجيل الدخول كالمعتاد.	Ваша учетная запись была возобновлена успешно, теперь вы можете войти в обычном режиме.	Votre compte a été réactivé avec succès, vous pouvez maintenant vous connecter en tant normal.
Obrigado pela sua contribuição	Thank you for your contribution	Gracias por su contribución	感謝您的貢獻	شكرا لمساهمتك	Благодарим Вас за Ваш вклад	Merci pour votre contribution
Para contribuir ativamente com a vigilância em saúde no Brasil é necessário que você compartilhe a sua localização	To actively contributeto healthsurveillance in Brazil you need to share your location	Para contribuir activamente a la vigilancia de la salud en Brasil tiene que compartir su ubicación	要積極促進在巴西的衛生監督，你需要分享你的位置	إلى المساهمة بنشاط في المراقبة الصحية في البرازيل تحتاج إلى مشاركة موقعك	Для того, чтобы активно участвовать в наблюдения за состоянием здоровья в Бразилии, Вы должны сообщить о своем местоположении	Pour participer activement à la surveillance de la santé au Brésil vous devez partager votre localisation
Não compartilhar implicará no mau funcionamento do Guardiões da Saúde	Not sharing will result in the malfunction of the Guardians of Health	No compartir resultará en el mal funcionamiento del Guardianes de la Salud	不分享會導致健康衛士的故障	لا نشارك النتيجة في عطل من حراس الصحة	Не делите результат в неисправности Стражи здоровья	Si vous ne partagez pas les résultats l'application Les Gardiens de la santé ne fonctionnera pas correctement
Como permitir sua localização	Allowing location sharing.	Como permitir su ubicación	允許分享你的位置	السماح موقعك	С учетом вашего местоположения	Comment permettre le partage de votre localisation
Painel de Controle	Control panel	Panel de control	控制面板	لوحة التحكم	Пульт управления	Panneau de configuration
Mapa	Map	Mapa	地圖	خريطة	карта	Carte
Adicionar Integrante do Domicílio	Add member of household	Añadir miembro del domicilio	添加住所會員	إضافة عضو من الموطن	Добавить член домицилия	Ajouter un proche
Estado de origem	State	Estado	省	دولة	Состояние	État
Qual país	Which country	Cual país	哪個國家	أي بلد	в какой стране	Quel pays
Foi enviada uma mensagem para o email, siga as instruções enviadas para recuperar sua senha.	A message was sent toyoure-mail, follow theinstructions toretrieve your password.	Un mensaje a la dirección de e-mail fue enviado, siga las instrucciones enviadas para recuperar su contraseña.	信息以被發送到電子郵件，按照說明找回您的密碼。	تم إرسال رسالة على البريد الإلكتروني، اتبع التعليمات المرسلة لاسترداد كلمة المرور الخاصة بك.	сообщение по электронной почте было отправлено, следуйте инструкциям, отправленным для получения пароля.	Un message a été envoyé à votre adresse mail. Suivez les instructions dans le message pour récupérer votre mot de passe.
Crie uma nova senha para sua conta	Create a new password for your account	Crear una nueva contraseña para su cuenta	創建一個新的帳戶密碼	إنشاء كلمة مرور جديدة لحسابك	Создайте новый пароль для вашей учетной записи	Créer un nouveau mot de passe pour votre compte
Sua senha precisa ter no mínimo 6 dígitos	Your password must be at least 6 digits	La contraseña debe tener al menos 6 dígitos	您的密碼必須至少6位數	يجب أن تكون كلمة المرور الخاصة بك لا يقل عن 6 ارقام	Ваш пароль должен быть не менее 6 цифр	Votre mot de passe doit être d'au moins 6 chiffres
Trocar senha	Change Password	Cambio de contraseña	更改密碼	تغيير كلمة المرور	изменение пароля	Changement mot de passe
Informações	Information	Información	信息	معلومات	информация	Information
Sugestões	Suggestions	Sugerencias	建議	اقتراحات	предложения	Suggestions
Reclamações	Complaints	Quejas	投訴	الشكاوى	жалобы	Plaintes
Elogios	Compliments	Congratulaciones	讚美	المجاملات	поздравление	Compliments
Serviço/Solicitações	Service / Requests	Solicitudes de servicio	服務/要求	الخدمة / طلبات	Услуги / Запросы	Services / Demandes
Frequência	Frequency	Frecuencia	頻率	تردد	частота	Fréquence
Relação de participação do mês	Month participation ratio	Tasa de participación Mes	本月參與率	نسبة المشاركة أشهر	Коэффициент участия месяц	Taux de participation mensuel
Mês	Month	Mes	月	شهر	месяц	Mois
Não há dados para suficientes. Participe agora!	Not enough data. Participate now!	No hay datos que suficiente. Participe ahora!	沒有足夠數據。現在加入！	لا توجد بيانات لما يكفي. اشترك الآن!	Нет данных достаточно. Присоединяйтесь!	Pas de données suffisantes. Inscrivez-vous maintenant!
Carregando	Loading	Cargando	加載	تحميل	загрузка	Chargement
Quer maiores detalhes dos dados?	Do you want more details of the data?	¿Quieres más detalles de los datos?	您要數據的詳細信息嗎?	هل تريد المزيد من تفاصيل البيانات؟	Хотите более подробную информацию о данных?	Vous voulez plus de détails sur les données?
Eu Faço a Minha Parte	I Do My Part	Hago mi parte	我做我的第一部分	هل أنا من جهتي	Я выполню свою часть	Je Contribue
Bem vindo ao Dicas de Saúde	Welcome to Health Tips	Bienvenido a Consejos de Salud	歡迎到健康小貼士	مرحبا بكم في نصائح صحية	Добро пожаловать в Советы для здоровья	Bienvenue sur Conseils santé
Aqui você poderá pesquisar informações importantes para o seu bem estar	Here you can find important information for your wellbeing	Aquí puede encontrar información importante para su bienestar	在這裡，你可以找到重要的健康信息	هنا يمكنك العثور على معلومات هامة لصحتك	Здесь вы можете найти важную информацию для вашего благополучия	Ici vous pouvez trouver des informations importantes pour votre bien-être
Política de Privacidade e Termos de Uso	Privacy Policy and Terms of Use	Política de Privacidad y Condiciones de Uso	隱私政策和使用條款	سياسة الخصوصية وشروط الاستخدام	Политика конфиденциальности и условия использования	Politique de confidentialité et Conditions d'Utilisation
anos	years	años	年	سنوات	лет	ans
Participação	Participation	Participación	參與	مشاركة	участие	Participation
Nível	Level	Nivel	水平	مستوى	уровень	Niveau
Participações nos últimos dias	Participation in the last days	La participación en los últimos días	在最後的日期參加	المشاركة في الأيام الأخيرة	Участие в последние дни	Participation au cours des derniers jours
SOBRE O APLICATIVO “GUARDIÕES DA SAÚDE”	“GUARDIANS OF HEALTH” APPLICATION	SOBRE LA APLICACIÓN “GUARDIANES DE LA SALUD”	"健康衛士"應用程式	تطبيق "مدير الصحة"	О ПРИЛОЖЕНИИ «СТРАЖИ ЗДОРОВЬЯ»	À PROPOS DE L'APPLICATION « LES GARDIENS DE LA SANTÉ »
O aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, desenvolvido para celulares, tablets e computadores, faz parte da iniciativa do Ministério da Saúde, em parceria com a Organização Não-Governamental Skoll Global Threats Fund, dos Estados Unidos da América, visando avaliar o potencial uso de aplicativos para dispositivos móveis como parte da estratégia de fortalecimento da capacidade de detecção de surtos e emergências em saúde pública, no âmbito do Sistema Único de Saúde (SUS), principalmente durante eventos de massa, como nos Jogos Olímpicos e Paralímpicos de 2016.	Developed for mobiles, tablets, and personal computers, the “Guardians of Health” app is part of an initiative by the Brazilian Ministry of Health, in partnership with the U.S.-based NGO Skoll Global Threats Fund. It is designed to assess the potential of mobile apps to strengthen the detection of public health emergencies and outbreaks within the Sistema Único de Saúde [Brazilian Unified Healthcare System] (SUS), particularly during major events, such as the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games.	La aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, desarrollada para celulares, tablets y computadoras, forma parte de la iniciativa del Ministerio de Salud, en sociedad con la Organización No Gubernamental Skoll Global Threats Fund, de los Estados Unidos de América, contemplando evaluar el uso potencial de aplicaciones para dispositivos móviles como parte de la estrategia de fortalecimiento de la capacidad de detección de brotes y emergencias de salud pública, bajo el ámbito del Sistema Único de Salud (SUS), principalmente durante eventos masivos, como en los Juegos Olímpicos y Paralímpicos de 2016.	為"健康衛士"應用程式為手機、平板電腦和個人電腦而開發，是巴西衛生署倡議的一部分，其與總部設在美國的非政府組織 Skoll 全球威脅基金合作，旨在評估移動應用程式的使用潛力，響應加強對公共衛生事件突發和爆發的檢驗戰略，并部署于 Sistema Único de Saúde [巴西統一醫療系統] (SUS) 中，尤其是在重大活動時，如 2016 年的奧運會和殘奧會。	تم تطويره لأجهزة المحمول والأجهزة اللوحية وأجهزة الكمبيوتر الشخصية، حيث يُعد تطبيق "مدير الصحة" جزءًا من مبادرة وزارة الصحة البرازيلية، ضمن شراكة مع صندوق سكول للتهديدات العالمية وهي منظمة غير حكومية مقرها في الولايات المتحدة، وهو مصمم لتقييم إمكانية استخدام تطبيق الهاتف المحمول في إطار استراتيجية لتعزيز الكشف عن حالات الطوارئ الصحية العامة وتفشي الأمراض، داخل Sistema Único de Saúde [نظام الرعاية الصحية البرازيلي الموحد] (SUS)، وخاصة خلال الأحداث الكبرى، مثل دورة الألعاب الأولمبية وأولمبياد المعاقين لعام 2016.	Приложение «Стражи Здоровья», разработанное для мобильных телефонов, планшетов и компьютеров, является частью инициативы Министерства Здравоохранения, в партнерстве с неправительственной организацией Skoll Global Threats Fund, из Соединенных Штатов Америки, направлено на то, чтобы оценить потенциал использования приложений для мобильных устройств в стратегии укрепления потенциала обнаружения вспышек и чрезвычайных ситуаций в области общественного здравоохранения, в рамках Единая Система Здравоохранения (СЕЗ), главным образом во время массовых мероприятий таких, как Олимпийские и Паралимпийские игры 2016 года.	L'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », développée pour les téléphones portables, les tablettes et les ordinateurs, fait partie de l'initiative du Ministère de la santé, en partenariat avec l'organisation non gouvernementale Skoll Global Threats Fund, des États-Unis d'Amérique et a pour but d'évaluer l'utilisation potentielle des applications pour appareils mobiles dans le cadre de la stratégie de renforcement des capacités de détection des épidémies et des urgences en santé publique au sein du Système Unique de Santé (SUS), en particulier lors d’événements de masse tels que les Jeux olympiques et Paralympiques de 2016.
Esta estratégia é a evolução do projeto realizado com a mesma instituição, denominado “Saúde na Copa” e lançado exclusivamente para o período dos jogos da Copa do Mundo FIFA Brasil 2014®, cujos resultados mostraram-se promissores e foram mantidos os interesses de ambas as instituições para a realização de uma nova estratégia para os Jogos Olímpicos e Paralímpicos em 2016.	This strategy builds on another project launched by the same organization, entitled "Saúde na Copa”, launched exclusively during the 2014 FIFA Brazil World Cup®, which yielded promising results. These results encouraged both institutions to develop a new strategy for the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games.	Esta estrategia es la evolución del proyecto realizado con la misma institución, denominado “Salud en la Copa” y lanzado exclusivamente para el período de los juegos de la Copa del Mundo FIFA Brasil 2014®, cuyos resultados demostraron ser prometedores y se mantuvieron los intereses de ambas instituciones para la realización de una nueva estrategia para los Juegos Olímpicos y Paralímpicos en 2016.	該戰略是同一組織發起的另一個專案的副產品，即“世界杯健康”，其專門在 2014 FIFA 巴西世界杯® 啟動，取得了可喜的成果，使兩個機構為 2016 年奧運會和殘奧會制定新的戰略達成共識。	تُعد هذه الاستراتيجية هو نتيجة ثانوية لمشروع آخر عقد مع المنظمة نفسها، بعنوان "الرعاية الصحية لكأس العالم"، والذي بدأ حصريًا من خلال كأس العالم في البرازيل التابع للفيفا عام 2014، والذي أسفر عن نتائج واعدة وأبقى مصالح كل من المؤسستين منظمة لوضع استراتيجية جديدة للألعاب الأولمبية وأولمبياد المعاقين لعام 2016.	Эта стратегия зародилась во время проведения проекта того же учреждения, под названием «Здоровье на Кубке», который был запущен исключительно на период игр Кубка Мира ФИФА 2014®, результаты были столь обнадеживающими, что обе организации проявили интерес и решили продолжить его в свете новой стратегии для Олимпийских и Паралимпийских Игр 2016 года.	Cette stratégie est l’évolution du projet réalisé avec la même institution, nommé « Santé à la Coupe du monde » et lancé exclusivement pendant la durée de la Coupe du monde de la FIFA Brésil 2014TM, dont les résultats se sont révélés prometteurs. Pour continuer sur leur lancée, les deux institutions ont vu l’intérêt de réaliser une nouvelle stratégie pour les Jeux Olympiques et Paralympiques de 2016.
A primeira versão do aplicativo Guardiões da Saúde já está disponível para os sistemas operacionais iOS da Apple e Android da Google e também por meio do site http://guardioesdasaude.org/.	This updated version of the Guardians of Health app is available for Apple iOS and Google Android operating systems, as well as on the http://guardioesdasaude.org/website.	La primera versión de la aplicación Guardianes de la Salud ya está disponible para los sistemas operativos iOS de Apple y Android de Google, y también mediante el sitio http://guardioesdasaude.org/.	健康衛士應用程式的第一個版本已在 Apple iOS 和 Google Android 作業系統，以及 HTTP://guardioesdasaude.org/ 網站上提供。	تتوفر النسخة الأولى من تطبيق مدير الصحة بالفعل لأنظمة التشغيل Apple iOS وGoogle Android، وعلى موقع الويب http://guardioesdasaude.org/ أيضًا.	Первая версия приложения Стражи Здоровья уже доступна для операционных систем iOS Apple и Android Google, а также через сайт http://guardioesdasaude.org/.	La première version des Gardiens de la Santé est déjà disponible pour les systèmes d'exploitation iOS d’Apple et Android de Google et également par le biais du site http://guardioesdasaude.org/.
Inicialmente desenvolvido no idioma português, nas próximas versões, o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” estará disponível também nos idiomas oficiais das Nações Unidas, sendo um instrumento complementar para orientações aos viajantes internacionais ao Brasil, principalmente com destino às sedes dos Jogos Olímpicos e Paralímpicos de 2016.	Initially developed in Portuguese, this version of the “Guardians of Health” app is also available in all of the official languages of the United Nations. It is proivded as a tool to assist Brazilians and foreign visitors to Brazil, particularly those traveling to the host cities of the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games.	Inicialmente desarrollada en portugués, esta versión de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” está disponible también en los idiomas oficiales de las Naciones Unidas, siendo un instrumento complementario para orientación de los viajeros internacionales que visitan Brasil, principalmente para los cuyo destino son las sedes de los Juegos Olímpicos y Paralímpicos de 2016.	"健康衛士"應用程式最初用葡萄牙文開發，後續版本也將提供聯合國所有官方語言的版本，作為協助在巴西的外國遊客的支援工具，特別是到 2016 奧運會和殘奧會主辦城市旅遊的人們。	تم تطوير التطبيق في البداية باللغة البرتغالية، وستتوفر أيضًا الإصدارات التالية من تطبيق "مدير الصحة" بجميع اللغات الرسمية للأمم المتحدة، وتُقدم كأداة دعم لمساعدة المسافرين الأجانب في البرازيل، لا سيما أولئك الذين يسافرون إلى المدن المضيفة لدورة الألعاب الأولمبية وأولمبياد المعاقين لعام 2016.	Изначально разработанное на португальском языке, в будущих версиях, приложение «Стражи Здоровья» будет доступно на официальных языках Организации Объединенных Наций, как дополнительный ориентационный инструмент в Бразилии для международных путешественников, главным образом в местах проведения Олимпийских и Паралимпийских Игр 2016 года.	Étant un instrument complémentaire pour fournir des instructions aux voyageurs internationaux se rendant au Brésil, principalement sur les sites des Jeux olympiques et Paralympiques de 2016 et initialement développée en langue portugaise, l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » sera disponible dans les langues officielles de l'ONU lors des prochaines versions.
A participação na iniciativa está restrita aos usuários com 13 anos ou mais de idade. Além disso, é fundamental que antes de se cadastrar, os usuários leiam e aceitem os “Termos de Uso” e preenchimento de cadastro simplificado, contendo apelido, endereço de e-mail, data de nascimento, raça/cor, sexo e senha de acesso. A participação é voluntária, sigilosa e os dados fornecidos estão protegidos no âmbito Lei nº 12.527, de 18 de novembro de 2011.	Only users over the age of 13 can participate in this initiative. In addition, users must read and accept the “Terms of Use” before signing up and fill out the simplified registration form, providing a nickname, email address, date of birth, race/color, gender,and password. Participation is voluntary and confidential, and all personal information disclosed is duly protected by Law No. 12.527, dated November 18, 2011.	La participación en la iniciativa está restringida a los usuarios con 13 años o más de edad. Además, es fundamental que antes de registrarse, los usuarios lean y acepten los “Términos de Uso” y el rellenado del registro simplificado, que contiene apodo, dirección de e-mail, fecha de nacimiento, raza/color, sexo y contraseña de acceso. La participación es voluntaria, sigilosa y los datos proporcionados están protegidos bajo la Ley nº 12.527, de 18 de noviembre de 2011.	僅 13 歲以上的使用者可以參與本倡議。此外，使用者在注冊和填寫簡化註冊表格，并提供昵稱、電子郵件地址、出生日期、種族/膚色、性別和密碼之前，必須閱讀並接受"使用條款"。參與是自願和保密的，披露的所有個人資訊會受到2011 年 11 月 18 日頒布的12.527號法律的充分保護。	يمكن للمستخدمين الأكبر من 13 عام فقط المشاركة في هذه المبادرة. وبالإضافة إلى ذلك، يجب على المستخدمين قراءة "شروط الاستخدام" وقبولها قبل تسجيل الاشتراك وملء نموذج التسجيل المبسط، وتوفير اسم الشهرة وعنوان البريد الإلكتروني وتاريخ الميلاد والعرق/اللون، والجنس، وكلمة المرور. تُعد المشاركة طوعية وسرية، ويتم حماية جميع المعلومات الشخصية التي تُفصح عنها بموجب القانون رقم 12.527 بتاريخ 18 نوفمبر 2011.	Участие в инициативе разрешается только пользователям старше 13 лет. Кроме того, перед регистрацией, пользователь должен прочитать и согласиться с «Условиями Использования», также заполнить упрощенную регистрационную форму указывая имя, адрес электронной почты, дату рождения, расу/цвет кожи, пол и пароль доступа. Участие является добровольным, конфиденциальным, а представленные данные защищены Законом № 12.527, от 18 ноября 2011 года.	La participation à l'initiative est limitée aux utilisateurs âgés de 13 ans ou plus. De plus, il est essentiel qu'avant de s'inscrire, les utilisateurs lisent et acceptent les « Conditions d'utilisation » et remplissent le formulaire d'inscription simplifié, contenant le surnom, l’adresse électronique, la date de naissance, la race/couleur, le sexe et le mot de passe. La participation est volontaire, confidentielle et les données fournies sont protégées en vertu de la loi n° 12.527, du 18 novembre 2011.
Os resultados do projeto serão utilizados pela vigilância em saúde dos Estados, Municípios e Governo Federal, visando detectar e prevenir surtos e emergências em saúde pública, por meio da adoção de medidas de prevenção e controle oportunas. A divulgação dos resultados do projeto será realizada de modo agregado e anonimizado , visando descrever o perfil da condição de saúde dos voluntários, a partir das informações repassadas por meio do aplicativo.	Project results will be used for health surveillance purposes across all Brazilian States and Municipalities, in order to detect and prevent public health emergencies and outbreaks by adopting proper prevention and control measures. The project’s results will be presented as aggregated and anonymzed data, describing the health profiles of users based on the information provided by them.	Los resultados del proyecto serán utilizados por la vigilancia de la salud de los Estados, Municipios y Gobierno Federal, vislumbrando detectar y prevenir brotes y emergencias de salud pública, mediante la adopción de medidas de prevención y control oportunas. La divulgación de los resultados del proyecto se realizará de modo agregado y anónimo, contemplando describir el perfil de la condición de salud de los voluntarios, a partir de la información entregada mediante la aplicación.	專案結果將用於巴西所有州和自治市的健康監測，旨在通過採取適當的預防和控制措施，檢驗並防止突發公共衛生事件和疫情。該專案的結果將作為綜合和匿名資料進行披露，基於應用程式的使用者提供的資訊，概述志願者的醫療保健狀況。	سيتم استخدام نتائج المشروع لأغراض المراقبة الصحية في جميع الولايات البرازيلية والبلديات التابعة لها، وذلك للكشف عن الحالات الصحية العامة الطارئة وتفشي الأمراض من خلال اتخاذ تدابير الوقاية والمكافحة المناسبة. وسيتم الكشف عن نتائج المشروع كبيانات موحدة ومجهولة الهوية، مما يؤدي إلى استعراض ملفات تعريف الرعاية الصحية الخاصة بالمتطوعين وفقًا للمعلومات التي يقدمها مستخدمو التطبيق.	Результаты проекта будут использованы службой надзора в сфере здравоохранения Штатов, Муниципалитетов и Федерального Правительства, с целью выявления и предотвращения вспышек и чрезвычайных ситуаций государственного здравоохранения, путем принятия предупреждающих и контрольных мер. Распространение результатов проекта будет осуществляться в общей форме сохраняя анонимность, описывая профиль состояния здоровья добровольцев, исходя из информации приложения.	Les résultats du projet seront utilisés par la surveillance de la santé des états, des municipalités et du gouvernement fédéral, afin de détecter et prévenir des épidémies et des urgences en santé publique, par l'adoption de mesures de contrôle et de prévention appropriées. La diffusion des résultats du projet s'effectuera de façon agrégée et anonyme, dans le but de décrire le profil de l'état de santé des volontaires, grâce aux informations transmises par le biais de l'application.
SOBRE A PARTICIPAÇÃO VOLUNTÁRIA	VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION	SOBRE LA PARTICIPACIÓN VOLUNTARIA	自願參加	المشاركة الطوعية	О добровольном участии	PARTICIPATION VOLONTAIRE
Sua participação é voluntária e uma gentil contribuição para o aprimoramento da vigilância em saúde no Brasil. O preenchimento do formulário sobre a condição de saúde não representa consulta médica, não garante acesso diferenciado aos serviços de saúde e o usuário não receberá o contato de nenhum profissional ou serviço de saúde para obter informações, seja por e-mail ou qualquer outro meio de contato.	Your participation is entirely voluntary and a valuable contribution towards promoting health surveillance in Brazil. Reporting your health condition shall not be interpreted as a medical consultation and does not ensure special access to health care services. In addition, participants will never be contacted via email or any other means by any healthcare service or professional to obtain such information.	Su participación es voluntaria y representa una gentil contribución para el perfeccionamiento de la vigilancia de la salud en Brasil. El rellenado del formulario sobre la condición de salud no representa una consulta médica, no garantiza acceso diferenciado a los servicios de salud y el usuario no recibirá el contacto de ningún profesional o servicio de salud para obtener información, ya sea por e-mail o por cualquier otro medio de contacto.	您的參與是完全自願的，是對促進巴西健康監護的重要貢獻。填寫您的健康表格不可理解為醫療諮詢，並不確保獲得保健服務的特殊權限。此外，任何醫療保健服務機構或專業人士不會通過電子郵件或任何其他手段聯系使用者以獲得這些資訊。	مشاركتك طوعية بالكامل وهي مساهمة قيمة لتعزيز المراقبة الصحية في البرازيل. لا يجوز تفسير ملء هذا النموذج الصحي على أنه موعد طبي ولا يكفل حق الوصول الخاص إلى خدمات الرعاية الصحية. فضلاً عن ذلك، لن يتواصل أبدًا أحد مقدمي خدمة الرعاية الصحية أو العاملين بها مع المستخدمين عبر البريد الإلكتروني أو باستخدام أي وسائل أخرى للحصول على مثل هذه المعلومات.	Ваше участие является добровольным и внесёт важный вклад в улучшение медицинского надзора в Бразилии. Заполнение формы по состоянию здоровья не является медицинской консультацией, не гарантирует дифференцированный доступ к услугам здравоохранения, с пользователем не будет вступать в контакт врач или организация здравоохранения с целью получения информации по электронной почте или любым другим средствам связи.	Votre participation est volontaire et est une aimable contribution à l'amélioration de la surveillance de la santé au Brésil. Le fait de remplir le formulaire sur l'état de santé ne constitue pas une consultation médicale, ni ne garantit un accès différencié aux services de santé et l'utilisateur ne recevra aucun contact de professionnels ni de services de santé pour obtenir des informations, que ce soit par e-mail ou par tout autre type de contact.
Durante a participação, mensagens de texto poderão ser enviadas aos usuários, apenas pelo aplicativo, por meio da tecnologia Push (Push Notification), contendo orientações sobre cuidados de saúde ou orientações dos órgãos de vigilância.	Text messages can be sent to participants through Push Notification technology, containing health information or instructions from health surveillance agencies.	Durante la participación, podrán ser enviados mensajes de texto a los usuarios, sólo por la aplicación, mediante la tecnología Push (Push Notification), conteniendo orientaciones sobre cuidados de salud u orientaciones de los órganos de vigilancia.	通過推式通知技術可以發送文本消息給參與者，包含醫療保健資訊或衛生監督機構的指示。	يمكن إرسال رسائل نصية إلى المشاركين من خلال تقنية الإشعارات المؤقتة تحتوي على معلومات رعاية صحية أو إرشادات من وكالات المراقبة الصحية.	В период участия текстовые сообщения могут быть отправлены пользователям, только по приложению, с помощью технологии Push (Push Notification), содержащие рекомендации по здоровью или руководства службы надзора.	Lors de leur participation, des messages textes peuvent être envoyés aux utilisateurs, et ce, uniquement par le biais de l'application avec la technologie Push (Push Notification), contenant des conseils sur des soins de santé ou des conseils des organes de surveillance.
É importante destacar que caso você informe que não está se sentindo bem, é recomendável que consulte um médico de referência ou serviço de saúde mais próximo de você. Para isso, está disponível no aplicativo um atalho com pesquisa pré-configurada de serviços de saúde e farmácias mais próximos de você, com base no serviço de geolocalização do seu dispositivo móvel no Google Maps. Essa funcionalidade não faz parte do aplicativo. Por esse motivo, será direcionado ao aplicativo de mapas de seu aparelho e recomenda-se cuidado ao transitar por áreas desconhecidas e evitar zonas de risco. Para isso, procure informações junto aos órgãos governamentais locais.	It is important to point out that you should immediately seek out the nearest healthcare service or physician if you are not feeling well. The app provides a shortcut to a preset search of healthcare services and drugstores near you, based on your mobile phone’s Google Maps geolocation service. This feature is not part of the app. Therefore, you will be redirected to your mobile phone’s map application. We recommend caution when transiting through unknown areas and avoiding areas of risk. Contact local public agencies for more information.	Es importante destacar que en caso de que usted informe que no se siente bien, se recomienda que consulte a un médico de referencia o al servicio de salud más cercano a usted. Para tal fin, está disponible en la aplicación un atajo con búsqueda preconfigurada de servicios de salud y farmacias más cercanas a usted, con base en el servicio de geolocalización de su dispositivo móvil en Google Maps. Esta funcionalidad no forma parte de la aplicación. Por este motivo, será direccionado a la aplicación de mapas de su aparato y se recomienda tener cuidado al transitar por áreas desconocidas y evitar zonas de riesgo. Para tal fin, busque información en los órganos gubernamentales locales.	值得指出的是，您如果感到不舒服，應該立即尋找最近的醫療服務機構或醫生。該應用程式提供一個快捷方式，用以基於您手機的 Google Maps地理位置服務，預設搜索您附近的醫療服務機構和藥店。此功能不是應用程式的組成部分。因此，您將被重定向到手機的地圖應用程式。我們建議慎重通過未知區域，并避免危險區域。聯繫當地公共機構以了解詳細資訊。	ومن المهم الإشارة إلى أنه يجب عليك البحث على الفور عن أقرب مركز خدمة رعاية صحية أو طبيب إذا لم تكن على ما يرام. يوفر التطبيق اختصارًا لإعادة تعيين البحث عن الخدمات الصحية والصيدليات القريبة منك بناءً على خدمة تحديد المواقع الجغرافية على تطبيق Google Maps على هاتفك المحمول. ولا تُعد هذه الميزة جزءًا من التطبيق. ولذلك، سيتم إعادة توجيهك إلى تطبيق الخرائط على هاتفك المحمول. نوصي بتوخي الحذر عند المرور بمناطق غير معروفة وتجنب مناطق الخطر. اتصل بالوكالات العامة المحلية للحصول على المزيد من المعلومات.	Важно подчеркнуть, что если вы проинформируете о плохом самочувствии, рекомендуется, проконсультироваться с врачом или посетить ближайший к вам медицинский пункт. Для этого, в приложении есть ссылка, с предварительно настроенным поиском, о пункте здравоохранения и аптек, находящихся вблизи от вас, на основе географического расположения службы мобильного устройства на картах Google. Эта функция не является частью приложения. Поэтому вы будете перенаправлены к приложению карт вашего аппарата, рекомендуем быть осторожными при прохождению по неизвестным районам во избежание зон риска. Для этого, проконсультируйтесь на официальных информационных сайтах.	Il est important de souligner que si vous indiquez que vous ne vous sentez pas bien, il est recommandé de consulter un médecin de référence ou le service de santé le plus proche de vous. Pour ce faire, un raccourci avec des recherches pré-configurées de services de santé et de pharmacies proches de vous est disponible dans l'application. Celui-ci est basé sur le service de géolocalisation Google Maps de votre appareil mobile. Cette fonctionnalité ne fait pas partie de l’application. C’est pour cette raison que vous serez dirigé vers l'application des cartes de votre appareil et nous vous recommandons d’être prudent si vous devez vous rendre dans des lieux que vous ne connaissez pas et d’éviter les zones à risque. Pour ce faire, renseignez-vous auprès d’organismes gouvernementaux locaux.
O aplicativo foi configurado com um conjunto de telefones úteis incluindo o do SAMU (Serviço de Atendimento Móvel de Urgência), cuja ligação é gratuita e funciona 24 horas por dia atendendo solicitações de atendimento de urgência para ocorrências de natureza traumática, clínica, pediátrica, cirúrgica, gineco-obstétrica e de saúde mental, em residências, locais de trabalho e vias públicas.	The app provides useful phone numbers, including SAMU (Emergency Mobile Ambulance Service), which is a 24/7 toll-free number providing emergency healthcare services for trauma, clinical, pediatric, surgical, gynecological,and mental health cases in households, workplaces and public roads.	La aplicación fue configurada con un conjunto de teléfonos útiles incluyendo el de SAMU (Servicio de Atención Móvil de Urgencia), cuya llamada es gratuita y funciona 24 horas por día atendiendo solicitudes de atención de urgencia para ocurrencias de naturaleza traumática, clínica, pediátrica, quirúrgica, gineco-obstétrica y de salud mental, en residencias, lugares de trabajo y vías públicas.	該應用程式提供各種有用的電話號碼，包括 SAMU （緊急移動醫療服務），其是一個 24/7 免費電話號碼，提供的緊急醫療服務針對家庭、工作場所和公共道路上的創傷、臨床、兒科、外科、婦科和心理健康情況。	يوفر التطبيق مجموعة متنوعة من أرقام الهواتف المفيدة وتشمل SAMU (خدمة الرعاية الصحية المتنقلة للطوارئ)، وهو رقم مجاني متاح على مدار الساعة طوال أيام الأسبوع لتقديم خدمات الرعاية الصحية الطارئة للحالات الصحية الجراحية، والسريرية، وحالات الأطفال، والجراحة، والنسائية، والعقلية في المنازل وأماكن العمل والطرق العامة.	В приложении представлен список важных номеров телефонов, включая SAMU (Служба Скорой Медицинской Помощи), звонок осуществляется бесплатно и работают они 24 часа в сутки, обслуживая экстренные вызовы травматологического, клинического, педиатрического, хирургического, акушерского и психического характера, на дому, рабочих местах и дорогах.	L'application a été configurée avec une liste de numéros utiles, comme celui du SAMU (Service d’aide médicale d'urgence), dont l’appel est gratuit et fonctionne 24 heures sur 24, pour répondre aux demandes de services d'urgence pour les cas de nature traumatique, clinique, pédiatrique, chirurgicale, gynéco-obstétrique et de santé mentale, à domicile, sur le lieu de travail et les lieux publics.
BENEFÍCIOS DA PARTICIPAÇÃO	BENEFITS OF PARTICIPATION	BENEFICIOS DE LA PARTICIPACIÓN	參與的好處	فوائد المشاركة	Преимущества участия	Avantages de la participation
· Participar ativamente das ações de vigilância em saúde que visam à prevenção de doenças na comunidade;	· Actively participating in health surveillance efforts to prevent disease outbreaks in communities;	· Participar activamente en las acciones de vigilancia en salud que vislumbran la prevención de enfermedades en la comunidad;	· 積極參與健康監控工作，以防止社區疫情;	· تساعد المشاركة بفاعلية في جهود المراقبة الصحية على تجنب تفشي الأمراض في المجتمعات؛	· Принимать активное участие в мероприятиях надзора за здоровьем, направленные на предупреждение заболеваний в обществе;	· Participer activement aux actions de surveillance de la santé qui visent la prévention des maladies dans la collectivité ;
· Acessar os contatos de serviços públicos úteis sem precisar alterar sua agenda de telefones;	· Quick access to public service contact information without altering your phonebook;	· Acceder a los contactos de servicios públicos útiles sin necesitar alterar su agenda de teléfonos;	· 快速訪問公共服務的連絡資訊，而無需每次都使用您的電話簿;	· الوصول السريع إلى معلومات اتصال الخدمة العامة دون الحاجة إلى استخدام سجل هاتفك في كل مرة؛	· Иметь доступ к полезным услугам, без ввода новых регистров в вашей телефонной книге.	· Accéder aux contacts de services publics utiles sans avoir à modifier votre répertoire téléphonique ;
· Acessar facilmente informações úteis sobre cuidados de saúde e medidas de prevenção contra doenças;	· Easy access to useful information on health and disease prevention measures;	· Acceder fácilmente a información útil sobre cuidados de salud y medidas de prevención contra enfermedades;	· 易于獲得有關保健和疾病預防措施的重要資訊;	· سهولة الوصول إلى معلومات مفيدة متعلقة بالرعاية الصحية وتدابير الوقاية من الأمراض؛	· Лёгкое получение доступа полезной информации о здравоохранении и мерах профилактики заболеваний	· Accéder facilement à des informations utiles sur des soins de santé et des mesures de prévention des maladies ;
· Usufruir de facilidades, como a pesquisa pré-configurada por Unidades de Pronto Atendimento e farmácias próximas (20 km) no Google Maps;	· Amenities such as a preset search of Emergency Care Units and drugstores nearby (20-km radius) in Google Maps;	· Disfrutar de facilidades, como la búsqueda preconfigurada por Unidades de Urgencias y farmacias cercanas (20 km) en Google Maps;	· 基礎設施，例如預設搜索 Google Maps 中附近的緊急護理單位和藥店 （半徑 20 公里範圍）；	· وسائل الراحة مثل إعادة تعيين البحث عن وحدات الرعاية الطارئة والصيدليات القريبة منك (على مسافة 20 كم) في تطبيق Google Maps؛	· Пользоваться удобствами, такими как предварительно настроенный поиск на Пункты Скорой Помощи и близлежащих аптек (в радиусе 20 км) на картах Google;	· Profitez des outils tels que la recherche pré-configurée des services d’urgence et des pharmacies de proximité (20 km) de Google Maps ;
· Acompanhar os resultados do projeto, por meio do website www.guardioesdasaude.org;	· Following the project results at the website: www.guardioesdasaude.org;	· Seguir los resultados del proyecto, mediante el website www.guardioesdasaude.org;	· 以下網站專案結果︰www.guardioesdasaude.org;	· متابعة نتائج المشروع على موقع الويب: www.guardioesdasaude.org؛	· Следить за результатами проекта по веб-сайту www.guardioesdasaude.org;	· Suivre les résultats du projet sur le site www.guardioesdasaude.org;
SAIBA MAIS SOBRE O USO DO APLICATIVO	LEARN MORE ABOUT THE APP	SEPA MÁS SOBRE EL USO DE LA APLICACIÓN	瞭解更多關於應用程式的資訊	تعرف على المزيد حول التطبيق	Подробнее об использовании приложения	En savoir plus sur l'utilisation de l’application
O aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” está disponível gratuitamente para download e utilização em sistemas operacionais iOS, Android e navegadores de internet. Em várias cidades há pontos de internet para uso gratuito ou o usuário poderá utilizar o seu próprio pacote de dados contratado.	The “Guardians of Health” app is free and available for iOS and Android operating systems, as well as Internet browsers. Users can choose from one of the several free Wi-Fi hotspots available in various cities or use their own mobile data packages to use the app.	La aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” está disponible gratuitamente para download y utilización en sistemas operativos iOS, Android y navegadores de Internet. En diversas ciudades existen puntos de Internet para uso gratuito o el usuario podrá utilizar su propio paquete de datos contratado.	"健康衛士"應用程式是免費的，可供 iOS 和 Android 作業系統以及互聯網瀏覽器使用。使用者可以從各城市的幾個免費 Wi-Fi 熱點之一選擇，或使用自己的移動資料套裝使用該應用程式。	تطبيق "مدير الصحة" هو تطبيق مجاني ومتوفر لأنظمة التشغيل iOS وAndroid، فضلاً عن متصفحات الإنترنت. يمكن للمستخدمين الاختيار من بين نقاط وصول الشبكات اللاسلكية (Wi-Fi) المجانية المتعددة المتوفرة في مختلف المدن أو استخدام حزم بيانات هاتفهم المحمول لاستخدام التطبيق.	Приложение «Стражи Здоровья» доступно для свободного скачивания и использования в операционных системах iOS, Android, и интернет-браузеров. В некоторых городах есть пункты бесплатного интернета, пользователь также может использовать свой собственный интернет.	L'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » est disponible gratuitement pour le téléchargement et son utilisation dans les systèmes d'exploitation iOS, Android et navigateurs internet. Dans plusieurs villes, il existe des bornes wifi permettant l'acccès gratuit à Internet. L'utilisateur pourra également utiliser le service fourni par son fournisseur d'accès.
Informa-se que as chamadas telefônicas para os serviços públicos de referência registrados no aplicativo necessitam de plano de telefonia contratado. Portanto, consulte sua operadora antes de utilizar essa funcionalidade. Esse serviço não funcionará sem a presença da função de telefone no aparelho. Essa informação deve ser observada, principalmente por usuários de outros países.	Phone calls to public serviceslistedin the app may be subject to additional phone charges. Contact your mobile carrier for more information before using this feature. This service cannot be used if the mobile’s phone feature is disabled. This information applies particularly to foreign users.	Se informa que las llamadas telefónicas para los servicios públicos de referencia registrados en la aplicación necesitan de un plan de telefonía contratado. Por lo tanto, consulte a su operadora antes de utilizar esta funcionalidad. Este servicio no funcionará sin la presencia de la función de teléfono en el aparato. Esta información debe ser observada, principalmente por usuarios de otros países.	電話撥打應用程式中提供的公共服務可能需要額外的電話費用。與您的移動運營商聯繫以了解使用此功能的詳細資訊。如果行動電話功能被禁用，則不能使用此服務。此資訊特別適用于外國使用者。	قد تخضع المكالمات الهاتفية الخاصة بالخدمات العامة الموضحة في التطبيق إلى رسوم هاتفية إضافية. اتصل بشركة المحمول الخاصة بك للحصول على المزيد من المعلومات قبل استخدام هذه الميزة. لا يمكن استخدام هذه الخدمة إذا كانت ميزة الهاتف المحمول مُعطلة. تنطبق هذه المعلومات بشكل خاص على المستخدمين الأجانب.	Обратите внимание на то, что телефонные звонки в справочные службы зарегистрированные в приложении требуют подключения к телефонной связи. Поэтому, обратитесь к оператору услуг, прежде чем использовать эту функцию. Эта услуга не будет работать без подключения услуг телефонной связи на устройстве. Эта информация очень важна, особенно для пользователей из других стран.	Veuillez noter que les appels téléphoniques vers les services publics de référencés dans l’application nécessitent un contrat avec un opérateur téléphonique. Veuillez donc consulter votre opérateur avant d'utiliser cette fonctionnalité. Ce service ne fonctionnera pas sans la présence de la fonction téléphone de l'appareil. Cette information doit être observée, particulièrement par les utilisateurs d'autres pays.
SOBRE A PARCERIA	ABOUT THE PARTNERSHIP	SOBRE LA SOCIEDAD	關於夥伴關係	حول الشراكة	О партнёрстве	À propos du partenariat
A iniciativa pioneira é da Secretaria de Vigilância em Saúde do Ministério da Saúde em parceria com as cidades sedes dos Jogos Olímpicos e Paralímpicos. Na parceria, a Organização Não Governamental (ONG) Skoll Global Threats Fund ficou responsável pelos custos de contratação e desenvolvimento do software, sob supervisão da Associação Brasileira de Profissionais de Epidemiologia de Campo (ProEpi), ambas são Organizações Não Governamentais, sem fins lucrativos, que atuam no aprimoramento da vigilância em saúde no Brasil e no mundo.	This pioneer initiative was conceived by the Health Surveillance Agency of the Brazilian Health Ministry, in partnership with the host cities of the Olympic and Paralympic Games. The Skoll Global Threats Fund is responsible for all contracting and software development expenses, duly supervised by the Brazilian Association of Field Epidemiology Professionals (ProEpi), both of which are non-profit Non-Governmental Organizations focused on improving health surveillance activities in Brazil and around the world.	Esta iniciativa pionera es de la Secretaría de Vigilancia de la Salud del Ministerio de la Salud, en sociedad con las ciudades sedes de los Juegos Olímpicos y Paralímpicos. En la sociedad, la Organización No Gubernamental (ONG) Skoll Global Threats Fund es responsable por los costos de contratación y desarrollo del software, bajo la supervisión de la Asociación Brasileña de Profesionales de Epidemiología de Campo (ProEpi), ambas son Organizaciones No Gubernamentales, sin fines de lucro, que actúan en el perfeccionamiento de la vigilancia de la salud en Brasil y en el mundo.	這個先鋒倡議由巴西衛生部門的醫療監督局，協同奧運會和殘奧會主辦城市構思。通過這種夥伴關係，非政府組織 Skoll 全球威脅基金會負責所有合約和軟體的開發費用，由巴西的現場流行病學專業人士協會 (ProEpi)監管。這兩個機構都是非營利性的非政府組織，旨在改進巴西和世界各地的健康監測活動。	صُممت هذه المبادرة الرائدة من قبل وكالة مراقبة الرعاية الصحية التابعة لوزارة الصحة البرازيلية، بالشراكة مع المدن المضيفة للألعاب الأولمبية وأولمبياد المعاقين. ومن خلال هذه الشراكة، يُعد صندوق سكول للتهديدات العالمية وهو منظمة غير حكومية مسؤولاً عن جميع النفقات إنشاء وتطوير البرنامج، ويشرف عليه المؤسسة البرازيلية لمتخصصي علم الأوبئة (ProEpi) على نحو وافٍ، وتُعد المنظمتان منظمتين غير حكوميتين غير ربحيتين تركز على تحسين أنشطة المراقبة الصحية في البرازيل وفي جميع أنحاء العالم.	Новаторская инициатива Службы Надзора Здравоохранения Министерства Здравоохранения в сотрудничестве с принимающими городами Олимпийских и Паралимпийских игр. В партнерстве, Неправительственная Организация (НПО) Skoll Global Threats Fund, несет ответственность за оплату и разработку программного обеспечения, под руководством Бразильской Ассоциации Специалистов по Полевой Эпидемиологии (ProEpi), обе являются неправительственными и некоммерческими организациями, целью которых улучшить надзор здравоохранения в Бразилии и во всем мире.	L'initiative revient au Secrétariat de la Surveillance de la Santé du Ministère de la Santé du Brézil en partenariat avec les villes qui accueilleront les Jeux olympiques et Paralympiques. Dans ce partenariat, l'Organisation non gouvernementale (ONG) Skoll Global Threats Fund est responsable du budget recrutement et développement du logiciel, sous la supervision de l'Association Brésilienne des Professionnels en Epidémiologie (ProEpi). Ces deux organisations non gouvernementales sont à but non lucratif et œuvrent pour l'amélioreration de la surveillance de la santé au Brésil et dans le monde.
A ProEpi é responsável por garantir que os requisitos estabelecidos pelo Ministério da Saúde e pela Skoll Global Threats Fund sejam cumpridos, conforme previsto no projeto: privacidade dos dados dos usuários, transparência e publicidade dos resultados públicos do projeto e disponibilidade do código fonte e documentação em ambiente de livre acesso para download, adequação e uso do aplicativo por serviços de saúde do Brasil e de países interessados, desde que garantida a finalidade sem fins lucrativos.	ProEpi is responsible for ensuring that all requirements established by the Ministry of Health and Skoll Global Threats Fund are met, as per project specifications: confidentiality of user information, transparency and disclosure of public results,and availability of the source code and respective documentation in free-access download environments, adequacy and use of applications by healthcare services in Brazil and other countries, while preserving the non-profit nature of suchanendeavor.	ProEpi es responsable por garantizar que los requisitos establecidos por el Ministerio de Salud y por Skoll Global Threats Fund se cumplan, conforme a lo previsto en el proyecto: privacidad de los datos de los usuarios, transparencia y publicidad de los resultados públicos del proyecto y disponibilidad del código fuente y documentación en ambiente de libre acceso para download, adecuación y uso de la aplicación por servicios de salud de Brasil y de países interesados, siempre que esté garantizada la finalidad sin fines de lucro.	ProEpi 負責確保滿足衛生署及 Skoll 全球威脅基金會根據專案規範制定的所有要求︰ 使用者資訊的保密，公共專案結果的透明度和披露，原始程式碼和免費下載環境中的各個文檔的可用性，巴西和其他國家衛生保健服務機構對應用的適當性和使用，同時保留這種努力的非盈利性質。	تُعد المؤسسة البرازيلية لمتخصصي علم الأوبئة (ProEpi) مسؤولة عن ضمان تلبية جميع المتطلبات التي وضعتها وزارة الصحة وصندوق التهديدات العالمي سكول، وفقًا لمواصفات المشروع وهي: سرية معلومات المستخدم، والشفافية، والإفصاح عن نتائج المشروع العامة، وتوافر رمز المصدر والوثائق ذات الصلة للتنزيل ويمكن الوصول إليها مجانًا، وتكون كافية، واستخدام تطبيقات الخدمات الصحية في البرازيل وغيرها من الدول، مع الحفاظ على طابع هذا المسعى غير الهادف إلى الربح.	ProEpi несет ответственность за обеспечение выполнения требований, установленных Министерством Здравоохранения и НПО Skoll Global Threats Fund, которые предусмотрены в проекте: конфиденциальность данных пользователей, прозрачность и гласность результатов проекта, наличие исходного кода и документации в режиме свободного доступа скачивания, адаптации и использование приложения бразильскими службами здравоохранения и другими заинтересованными странами, при условии того, что прибыль не является целью этого проекта.	L'organisation ProEpi a pour responsabilité de s’assurer que le cahier des charges établi par le Ministère de la Santé et le Skoll Global Threats Fund soit respecté, tel qu’il est prévu dans le projet : confidentialité des données des utilisateurs, transparence et diffusion des résultats publics du projet ; code source et documentation en accès libre pour le téléchargement, adéquation et utilisation de l’application par des services de santé brésiliens et de pays intéressés, à condition que ces derniers en garantissent une utilisation non lucrative.
AGRADECIMENTO	ACKNOWLEDGMENTS	AGRADECIMIENTO	確認	إعلامات	Благодарность	Remerciements
As instituições organizadoras agradecem a todos os voluntários, profissionais de saúde e gestores do Sistema Único de Saúde por acreditarem no projeto piloto e apoiarem essa iniciativa pioneira na saúde pública internacional.	The organizing institutions would like to thank all participants, health professionals,and managers of the Brazilian Unified Healthcare System forputtingtheir trust in the pilot project and supporting suchanunprecedented initiative in the global health space.	Las instituciones organizadoras agradecen a todos los voluntarios, profesionales de salud y gestores del Sistema Único de Salud por creer en el proyecto piloto y apoyar esta iniciativa pionera en la salud pública internacional.	組織機構感謝所有志願者、醫護人員和巴西統一醫療系統的經理，感謝其信任試點專案，并支援在全球公共衛生保健業開展的這個前所未有的倡議。	تود أن تقدم مؤسسات التنظيم الشكر إلى جميع المتطوعين ومتخصصي الرعاية الصحية ومديري نظام الرعاية الصحية الموحد في البرازيل لإيداع ثقتهم في هذا المشروع الرائد ولدعم هذه المبادرة غير المسبوقة في قطاع الرعاية الصحية العامة على الصعيد العالمي.	Организующие учреждения благодарят всех волонтеров, специалистов здравоохранения и руководителей Единой Системы Здравоохранения, за то, что верят в экспериментальный проект и поддерживают эту новаторскую инициативу в области международного общественного здравоохранения.	Les institutions organisatrices remercient tous les bénévoles, les professionnels de santé et les responsables du Système unique de santé pour leur soutien au projet et à l'innovation en matière de surveillance.
Agradecimento especial às Secretarias de Saúde dos Municípios Sedes dos Jogos Olímpicos e Paralímpicos (Belo Horizonte, Distrito Federal, Manaus, Rio de Janeiro, Salvador e São Paulo).	Special thanks to the Departments of Health of the Host Cities of the Olympic and Paralympic Games (Belo Horizonte, Distrito Federal, Manaus, Rio de Janeiro, Salvador,and São Paulo.)	Agradecimiento especial a las Secretarías de Salud de los Municipios Sedes de los Juegos Olímpicos y Paralímpicos (Belo Horizonte, Distrito Federal, Manaus, Río de Janeiro, Salvador y São Paulo).	特別感謝奧運會和殘奧會主辦城市（貝洛奧裡藏特、聯邦區、馬瑙斯、里約熱內盧、薩爾瓦多和聖保羅）的衛生部門。	وتوجه شكرًا خاصًا إلى إدارات الصحة في المدن التي تستضيف الألعاب الأولمبية وأولمبياد المعاقين.(بيلو هوريزونتي وريو دي جانيرو وسالفادور وساو باولو).	Особая благодарность выражаем Департаменту Здравоохранения Муниципалитетов Принимающих Олимпийские и Паралимпийские Игры (Белу-Оризонти, Федеральный Округ, Манаус, Рио-де-Жанейро, Сальвадор и Сан-Паулу).	Remerciement spécial aux Secrétariats de santé des communes qui accueilleront les Jeux Olympiques et Paralympiques (Belo Horizonte, District fédéral ,Manaus, Rio de Janeiro, Salvador et São Paulo).
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDADE E TERMOS DE USO	PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE	POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD Y TÉRMINOS DE USO	隱私政策和使用條款	السياسة الخاصة وشروط الاستخدام	ПОЛИТИКА КОНФИДЕНЦИАЛЬНОСТИ И УСЛОВИЯ ИСПОЛЬЗОВАНИЯ	POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ ET CONDITIONS D'UTILISATION
Por favor, leia estes termos legais de uso antes de utilizar o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, fazer qualquer colaboração, acessar ou baixar qualquer informação deste aplicativo.	Please read these legal terms of use before using the “Guardians of Health” app, offering any information, and/oraccessing or downloading any information from this application.	Por favor, lea estos términos legales de uso antes de emplear la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, realizar cualquier colaboración, y acceder o bajar cualquier información de esta aplicación.	請在使用"健康衛士"應用程式，進行任何協作，從該應用程式訪問或下載任何資訊之前，閱讀這些使用法律條款。	يرجى قراءة شروط الاستخدام القانونية هذه قبل استخدام تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أو التطرق إلى أي تعاون أو الوصول إلى أي معلومات من هذا التطبيق أو تنزيلها.	Пожалуйста, прочтите эти правовые условия использования перед использованием приложения «Стражи Здоровья», вступлением в любое сотрудничество, доступом или загрузкой какой-либо информации этого приложения.	Veuillez lire ces conditions légales d'utilisation avant d'utiliser l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », de participer au projet, de vous connecter ou télécharger des informations via cette application.
Ao acessar ou utilizar o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, você aceita e concorda em cumprir os termos e condições estabelecidos nos “Termos de Uso”.	By accessing or using the “Guardians of Health” app, you automatically agree to the terms and conditions set out in the “Terms of Use” section.	Al acceder o utilizar la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, usted acepta y está de acuerdo en cumplir los términos y condiciones establecidos en los “Términos de Uso”.	通過訪問或使用"健康衛士"應用程式，您自動同意"使用條款"一節中列出的條款及條件。	بالوصول إلى تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أو استخدامه، فإنك توافق تلقائيًا على الشروط والأحكام المنصوص عليها في قسم "شروط الاستخدام".	Посещая и используя приложение «Стражи Здоровья», вы принимаете и соглашаетесь соблюдать условия, изложенные в «Условия Использования».	En accédant ou en utilisant l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », vous acceptez les termes et conditions énoncées dans « Conditions d'Utilisation ».
Este termo é um acordo vinculativo entre você e o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, que abrange todo o seu acesso e uso dessa aplicação, o que inclui o uso de todas as informações, dados, ferramentas, produtos, serviços e outros conteúdos disponíveis por meio deste.	These termsestablish a binding agreement between you and the “Guardians of Health” application, covering all accesses and uses of this application, including the use of any information, data, tool, product and service, among other contents provided bythisapplication.	Estos términos consisten en un acuerdo vinculante entre usted y la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, que abarca todo su acceso y uso de esa aplicación, lo que incluye el uso de toda la información, datos, herramientas, productos, servicios y otro contenido disponible mediante la aplicación.	該條款建立您和"健康衛士"應用程式之間具有約束力的協定，涵蓋對此應用程式所有的訪問和使用，包括使用任何資訊、資料、工具、產品和服務，在此類應用程式提供的其他內容。	يؤسس هذا الشرط لاتفاق ملزم بينك وبين تطبيق "مدير الصحة"، يشمل كل عمليات الوصول والاستخدام في هذه التطبيق، والتي تتضمن استخدام أي معلومات وبيانات وأدوات ومنتجات وخدمات وغيرها من المحتويات الواردة في هذا التطبيق.	Эти условия являются обязательным соглашением между вами и приложением «Стражи Здоровья», которое охватывает весь ваш доступ и использование этого приложения, что включает в себя использование любой информации, данных, инструментов, товаров, услуг и прочих материалов, доступных в нём.	Ce terme est un accord vous liant à l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » et concerne l’accès et l’utilisation de cette application, ce qui inclut l'utilisation de toutes les informations, données, outils, produits, services et autres contenus disponibles sur cette dernière.
Ao utilizar esta aplicação, você confirma que compreende e concorda com as seguintes regras dispostas:	By using this application, you automatically acknowledge and agree to the following terms and conditions:	Al utilizar esta aplicación, usted confirma que comprende y concuerda con las siguientes reglas dispuestas:	通過使用此應用程式，您將自動承認並同意以下條款及條件 ︰	باستخدام هذا التطبيق، تقر وتوافق تلقائيًا على الشروط والأحكام التالية:	Используя это приложение, вы подтверждаете, что вы понимаете и соглашаетесь со следующими правилами:	En utilisant cette application, vous confirmez que vous comprenez et que vous acceptez les conditions d'utilisation suivantes :
1. RESPEITO ÀS LEIS:	1. LEGAL COMPLIANCE:	1. RESPETO A LAS LEYES:	1.遵守法律︰	1. الامتثال القانوني:	1. Уважение к закону:	1. Respect de la loi :
O usuário cadastrado deverá acessar o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” apenas para finalidades lícitas e relacionadas à saúde;	Registered users must only access the “Guardians of Health” app for legal and health-related purposes;	El usuario registrado deberá acceder a la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” sólo para finalidades lícitas y relacionadas a la salud;	註冊的使用者必須僅出于合法和與健康有關的目的訪問“健康衛士”應用程式；	يحق للمستخدمين المسجلين فقط الوصول إلى تطبيق "مدير الصحة" وذلك لأغراض قانونية وصحية؛	Зарегистрированный пользователь должен получить доступ к приложению «Стражи Здоровья» только в законных и связанных со здоровьем целях;	L'utilisateur inscrit doit accéder à l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » uniquement à des fins légales et en rapport à la santé ;
O usuário concorda em utilizar a aplicação apenas para os devidos fins e em conformidade com o presente termo e limitações legais, bem como quaisquer políticas aplicáveis no Brasil;	Users hereby agree to use the application only for the respective purposes and in due compliance with this term and related laws, as well as any other standards applicable in Brazil;	El usuario está de acuerdo en utilizar la aplicación sólo para los debidos fines y en conformidad con los presentes términos y limitaciones legales, así como con cualquier política aplicable en Brasil;	使用者在此同意僅將該應用程式用于各自的目的且適當遵守該條款和相關法律，以及適用于巴西的任何其他標準；	بموجب هذا يوافق المستخدمون على استخدام التطبيق فقط لأغراض خاصة مع وجوب الامتثال إلى هذه الشروط والقوانين ذات الصلة، بالإضافة إلى أي معايير أخرى معمول بها في البرازيل؛	Пользователь согласен с тем, чтобы использовать приложение только по назначению и в соответствии с этими условиями и правовыми ограничениями, как и любыми другими законами Бразилии;	L'utilisateur s'engage à utiliser l'application uniquement à bon escient et en conformité avec les présentes conditions d’utilisation et contraintes juridiques, ainsi que toutes les politiques applicables au Brésil ;
Seu acesso é proibido em territórios onde o conteúdo seja considerado ilegal. Aqueles que optarem por acessar este site a partir de outras localidades, o farão por iniciativa própria e serão responsáveis pelo cumprimento das leis locais aplicáveis. Os materiais não deverão ser usados ou exportados em descumprimento das leis brasileiras. Qualquer pendência com relação aos materiais será dirimida pelas leis brasileiras.	This application may not be accessed in territories in which its contents are considered to be illegal. Those who choose to access this site from other locations shall do so at their sole discretion, undertaking full liability for complying with applicable local laws. Application materials must not be used or exported in violation of Brazilian laws. Any pending issue regarding such materials shall be settled based upon Brazilian law.	Su acceso está prohibido en territorios donde el contenido sea considerado ilegal. Aquellos que opten por acceder a este sitio desde otras localidades, lo harán a iniciativa propia y serán responsables por el cumplimiento de las leyes locales aplicables. Los materiales no deberán ser usados ni exportados incumpliendo las leyes brasileñas. Cualquier pendiente con relación a los materiales será dirimido mediante las leyes brasileñas.	不得在其內容被認為非法的領地訪問此應用程式。選擇從其他位置訪問此網站的人應自行承擔全部責任以遵守適用的當地法律。不得違反巴西法律而使用或出口應用程式材料。關於此類材料的任何未決問題，應根據巴西法律解決。	قد يتعذر الوصول إلى ها التطبيق في المناطق التي تعتبر محتواه غير قانوني. يجب على الأشخاص الذين يختارون الوصول إلى هذا الموقع من أماكن أخرى القيام بهذا الأمر وفقًا لتقديرهم متحملين كامل المسؤولية عن الامتثال إلى القوانين المحلية المعمول بها. يجب عدم استخدام مواد التطبيق أو تصديرها بطريقة تمثل انتهاكًا للقوانين البرازيلية. يجب تسوية أي قضية عالقة لها صلة بهذه المواد استنادًا إلى القانون البرازيلي.	Доступ запрещен с территорий, где его содержание является незаконным. Те, кто входит в это приложение из других мест, делают это по своей собственной инициативе и несут ответственность за соблюдение местных законов. Материалы не должны быть использованы или экспортированы, если это ведёт к нарушению бразильских законов. Любые связанные материалы определяются законодательством Бразилии.	L’accès à l’application est interdite dans les territoires où son contenu est considéré illégal. Les personnes qui choisissent d'accéder à ce site depuis d’autres endroits, le feront de leur propre initiative et sont tenues de respecter les lois locales applicables. Les sujets ne devront pas être utilisés ou exportés et constituer un manquement aux lois brésiliennes. Tout litige en relation aux sujets sera réglé par les lois brésiliennes.
A alteração não autorizada do conteúdo deste site é expressamente proibida.	Unauthorized modifications of this site’s contents are expressly prohibited.	La alteración no autorizada del contenido de este sitio está expresamente prohibida.	明文禁止未經授權修改本網站內容。	يُحظر صراحة إدخال أي تعديلات غير مصرح بها على محتويات هذا الموقع.	Несанкционированное изменение содержимого этого сайта строго запрещено.	Toute modification non autorisée du contenu de ce site est strictement interdite.
2. RESTRIÇÕES DE USO:	2. USE RESTRICTIONS:	2. RESTRICCIONES DE USO:	2.使用限制 ︰	2. قيود الاستخدام:	2. Ограничение Использования:	2. Restrictions d'utilisation :
A utilização do aplicativo está permitida somente para indivíduos de 13 (treze) anos de idade ou mais.	This application may only be used by individuals over the age of 13 (thirteen).	La utilización de la aplicación está permitida solamente para personas con 13 (trece) años de edad o más.	此應用程式只可由 13 歲（十三歲）以上的個人使用。	يجوز للأفراد الذين تزيد أعمارهم عن 13 عامًا (ثلاثة عشر) فقط استخدام هذا التطبيق.	Использование приложения разрешается только лицам старше 13 (тринадцать) лет.	L'utilisation de l'application est autorisée seulement aux personnes de 13 (treize) ans ou plus.
3. RESPONSABILIDADE PELO CONTEÚDO:	3. CONTENT LIABILITY:	3. RESPONSABILIDAD POR EL CONTENIDO:	3.內容責任 ︰	3. مسؤولية المحتوى:	3. Ответственность за Содержание:	3. Responsabilité pour le contenu :
As instituições e desenvolvedores do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” não são responsáveis pelo conteúdo de quaisquer informações eventualmente trocadas pelos usuários entre si, por meio de redes sociais, ou para o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, sejam elas lícitas ou ilícitas.	The institutions and developers of the “Guardians of Health” app may not be held liable for either legal or illegal contents of any information eventually shared among its respective users, via social networks, or provided to the “Guardians of Health” application.	Las instituciones y desarrolladores de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” no son responsables por el contenido de cualquier información eventualmente intercambiada por los usuarios entre sí, mediante redes sociales, o para la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, sea lícita o ilícita.	"健康衛士"應用程式的機構和開發人員不對通最終過社交網路在其各自的使用者間分享，或者向"健康衛士"應用程式提供的任何資料的合法或非法內容負責。	قد لا تتحمل المؤسسات ومطورو تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أي مسؤولية تجاه أي محتوى قانوني أو غير قانوني يتعلق بأي معلومات تتم مشاركتها مؤخرًا بين مستخدمي التطبيق المعنيين، عبر شبكات التواصل الاجتماعي، أو يتم ذكرها على تطبيق "مدير الصحة".	Организации и разработчики приложения «Стражи Здоровья» не несут ответственности за содержание любой информации, которая была обменена пользователями друг с другом через социальные сети, или в приложении «Стражи Здоровья», будь она закона или не закона.	Les institutions et les développeurs de l’application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » ne sont pas responsables du contenu d’informations qui auraient éventuellement été changées par des utilisateurs entre eux par le biais de réseaux sociaux ou sur l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », qu'elles soient licites ou illicites.
Os comentários compartilhados, pelo usuário, por meio de redes sociais não representam a opinião das instituições envolvidas no projeto e a responsabilidade é do autor da mensagem.	Comments eventually shared by users in social networks do not represent the opinion of the institutions responsible for the project. Users are responsible for the contents of their respective messages and comments.	Los comentarios compartidos, por el usuario, mediante redes sociales no representan la opinión de las instituciones involucradas en el proyecto y la responsabilidad es del autor del mensaje.	最終由使用者在社交網路中分享的評論不代表負責該專案的機構的意見。使用者對其各自的消息和評論內容負責。	لا تعبر التعليقات التي يشارك بها المستخدمون مؤخرًا في شبكات التواصل الاجتماعي عن رأي المؤسسات المسؤولة عن المشروع. المستخدمون مسؤولون عن محتويات الرسائل والتعليقات الخاصة بهم.	Комментарии, которыми делятся пользователи через социальные сети, не отражают точку зрения организаций, участвующих в проекте, а ответственность возлагается на автора сообщений.	Les commentaires partagés par l’utilisateur par le biais de réseaux sociaux ne représentent pas l'opinion des institutions engagées dans le projet et la responsabilité revient à l'auteur du message.
O usuário concorda que é o único responsável pela sua própria conduta e pela veracidade das informações fornecidas enquanto utilizar o serviço e que é responsável pelas consequências que resultem do fornecimento intencional de dados incorretos.	The user hereby undertakes sole liability for their own conduct and the accuracy of information provided when using this service, liable for all consequences arising from the intentional disclosure of inaccurate data.	El usuario está de acuerdo en que es el único responsable por su propia conducta y por la veracidad de la información suministrada mientras utilice el servicio y que es responsable por las consecuencias que provengan del suministro intencional de datos incorrectos.	使用者特此為自己的行為和使用這項服務時提供資訊的準確性承擔唯一責任，并承擔故意披露的資料的不准確性所引起的一切後果。	وبموجب هذا يتحمل المستخدم بمفرده مسؤولية سلوكه الخاص ودقة المعلومات المذكورة عند استخدام هذه الخدمة كما يتحمل المسؤولية عن كل التبعات الناجمة عن الكشف المتعمد عن البيانات غير الدقيقة.	Пользователь согласен с тем, что несёт ответственность за собственное поведение и достоверность информации, предоставленной при использовании услуги, а также несёт ответственность за последствия за умышленное предоставление неверных данных.	L’utilisateur reconnait qu’il est le seul responsable de sa propre conduite et de l'exactitude des informations fournies lors de l’utilisation du service et qu’il est responsable des conséquences résultant de la divulgation de données erronées.
O usuário concorda que, ao usar o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, não irá publicar, enviar, distribuir ou divulgar conteúdo ou informação de caráter difamatório, obsceno ou ilícito, inclusive informações de propriedade exclusiva pertencentes a outras pessoas ou empresas, bem como marcas registradas ou informações protegidas por direitos autorais, sem a expressa autorização do detentor desses direitos;	The user hereby agrees not to publish, send, distribute or otherwise disclose contents of information of defamatory, obscene or illegal nature when using the “Guardians of Health” application, including information exclusively belonging to other individuals or corporations, as well as trademarks or copyrighted information, without express authorization by the respective owners of such rights;	El usuario está de acuerdo que, al usar la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, no publicará, enviará, distribuirá ni divulgará contenido o información de carácter difamatorio, obsceno o ilícito, inclusive información de propiedad exclusiva perteneciente a otras personas o empresas, así como marcas registradas o información protegida por derechos de autor, sin la expresa autorización del propietario de esos derechos;	使用者特此同意在使用"健康衛士"應用程式時，未經權利各自擁有者的明確授權，不發佈、發送、分發或披露誹謗、淫穢或非法性質的資訊內容，包括完全屬於其他個人或公司的資訊，以及商標或版權資訊；	وبموجب هذا يوافق المستخدم على عدم نشر أو إرسال أو توزيع أو الكشف عن محتويات المعلومات ذات طابع تشهيري أو بذيء أو غير قانوني عند استخدام تطبيق "مدير الصحة"، بما في ذلك المعلومات التي تنتمي تحديدًا إلى أفراد أو شركات أخرى بالإضافة إلى العلامات التجارية أو المعلومات المتعلقة بحقوق الطبع والتأليف، بدون الحصول على إذن صريح من الأصحاب المعنيين بهذه الحقوق؛	Пользователь согласен с тем, что при использовании приложения «Стражи Здоровья», не будет публиковать, посылать или распространять содержание или информацию клеветнического, непристойного или незаконного характера, в том числе конфиденциальную информацию, принадлежащую другим лицам или компаниям, зарегистрированным брендам, а также информацию, защищенную авторским правом, без явного разрешения владельца авторских прав;	L'utilisateur reconnaît qu’en utilisant l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », il ne publiera pas, ni ne présentera, distribuera ou diffusera des contenus ou des informations à caractère diffamatoire, obscène ou illégale, y compris des informations confidentielles appartenant à d'autres personnes ou à des entreprises, ainsi que des marques déposées ou des informations protégées par des droits d’auteur, sans l'autorisation expresse du propriétaire de ces droits ;
Ninguém pode agir em seu nome no uso do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”. Você é responsável pelo conteúdo que indivíduos não autorizados produzirem ao usar essa aplicação utilizando, com sua permissão, seu perfil cadastrado. Essa regra não se aplica aos casos de violação ou outros problemas de segurança da aplicação.	No one else may use the “Guardians of Health” application on your behalf. You are responsible for all application contents generated by unauthorized users under your profile, even with your permission. This rule does not apply in case of application security breaches or other related issues.	Nadie puede actuar a su nombre en el uso de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”. Usted es responsable por el contenido que los individuos no autorizados produzcan al usar esta aplicación utilizando, con su permiso, su perfil registrado. Esta regla no se aplica a los casos de violación u otros problemas de seguridad de la aplicación.	沒有其他人可以您的名義使用"健康衛士"應用程式。您對由未經授權的使用者以您的名義，即使在您的許可下，生成的所有應用程式內容負責。這條規則不適用於應用程式安全違規或其他相關問題的情況。	لا يجوز لأحد آخر استخدام تطبيق "مدير الصحة" نيابة عنك. أنت مسؤول عن جميع محتويات التطبيق التي أنشأها مستخدمون غير مصرح لهم ضمن ملف التعريف الخاص بك، حتى مع الحصول على إذن منك. لا تنطبق هذه القاعدة في حالة حدوث خروقات أمنية في التطبيق أو غيرها من القضايا ذات الصلة.	Никто не может действовать от вашего имени используя приложение «Стражи Здоровья». Вы несете ответственность за содержание, которое не уполномоченные лица располагают, используя это приложение, с вашего позволения, ваш зарегистрированный профиль. Это правило не распространяется на случаи взлома или других проблем в связанных с безопасностью приложения.	Nul ne peut agir en son nom dans l'utilisation de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé ». Vous êtes responsable du contenu que des personnes non autorisées pourraient produire sur cette application en utilisant, avec votre permission, votre profil enregistré. Cette règle ne s'applique pas aux cas de violation ou d'autres problèmes de sécurité de l’application.
4. ACESSIBILIDADE AO CONTEÚDO:	4. CONTENT ACCESSIBILITY:	4. ACCESIBILIDAD AL CONTENIDO:	4.內容可訪問性 ︰	4. إمكانية الوصول إلى المحتوى:	4. Доступность Содержания:	4. Accessibilité du contenu :
A equipe do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” não garante que esta aplicação esteja parcial ou completamente funcional para uso fora do território nacional. Se você optar por acessar o Webapp e a aplicação de outras localidades, você o fará por sua própria iniciativa e seu próprio risco. Você é responsável pelo cumprimento das leis locais e, na medida em que leis locais sejam aplicáveis, você concorda especificamente em cumprir todas as leis aplicáveis relativas à transmissão de dados técnicos exportados a partir desse local.	The “Guardians of Health” app team does not guarantee that this application will be partially or fully functional outside of Brazilian territory. You may choose to access the Webapp and the application from foreign locations at your own risk. You are responsible for complying with local laws, specifically agreeing to abide by all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the respective location.	El equipo de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” no garantiza que esta aplicación sea parcial o completamente funcional para el uso fuera del territorio nacional. Si usted opta por acceder a Webapp y a la aplicación desde otras localidades, usted lo hará por su propia iniciativa y su propio riesgo. Usted es responsable por el cumplimiento de las leyes locales y, en la medida en que las leyes locales sean aplicables, usted está de acuerdo específicamente en cumplir todas las leyes aplicables relativas a la transmisión de datos técnicos exportados a partir de ese lugar.	"健康衛士"應用程式團隊並不保證此應用程式在巴西領土外部分或全部有效。您可以選擇自擔風險從國外某地訪問 Web 應用程式和該應用程式。您有責任遵守當地的法律，特別是同意遵守有關從各自位置出口的技術資料傳輸的所有適用法律。	لا يضمن فريق تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أن يكون هذا التطبيق فعالاً بشكل جزئي أو بشكل كامل خارج الأراضي البرازيلية. يجوز أن تختار الوصول إلى Webapp والتطبيق من أماكن أجنبية على مسؤوليتك الخاصة. أنت مسؤول عن الامتثال إلى القوانين المحلية، والموافقة تحديدًا على الامتثال إلى جميع القوانين المعمول بها والمتعلقة بإرسال بيانات تقنية تم تصديرها من موقع معين.	Команда приложения «Стражи Здоровья» не гарантирует, что это приложение является частично или полностью функциональным для использования за границей. Если вы решили зайти в Webapp и приложение в других странах, вы делаете это по собственной инициативе и на свой страх и риск. Вы несёте ответственность за соблюдение местного законодательства, и в той мере, насколько местные законы применимы, вы соглашаетесь соблюдать все применяемые законы, касающиеся передачи технических данных, экспортируемых на этой территории.	L'équipe de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » ne garantit pas que celle-ci soit totalement ou partiellement fonctionnelle pour une utilisation en dehors du territoire national. Si vous choisissez d'accéder à la Webapp et à l'application depuis d’autres endroits, vous le ferez de votre propre initiative et à vos risques et périls. Vous êtes responsable du respect des lois locales et, dans la mesure où des lois locales sont applicables, vous acceptez expressément de respecter toutes les lois applicables concernant la transmission de données techniques exportées à partir de cet endroit.
5. PROPRIEDADE INTELECTUAL:	5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY:	5. PROPRIEDAD INTELECTUAL:	5.智慧財產權︰	5. الملكية الفكرية:	5. Интеллектуальная Собственность:	5. Propriété intellectuelle :
O Ministério da Saúde, Secretarias de Saúde envolvidas e instituições parceiras são detentores do direito de autoria dos conteúdos produzidos e apresentados nessa aplicação. Essa premissa não se aplica as informações consideradas como de Domínio Público ou de Utilidade Pública. Todas as outras marcas comerciais, marcas de serviço, nomes e logotipos que aparecem nessa aplicação são de propriedade de seus respectivos proprietários.	The Ministry of Health, Departments of Health involved and partner institutions hold due copyrights over all contents produced and presented in this application. This premise does not apply to information classified as Public Domain or Public Utility. The copyrights of all other trademarks, brands, names and logos shown in the application are held by its respective owners.	El Ministerio de la Salud, las Secretarías de Salud involucradas e instituciones socias, son propietarios del derecho de autoría del contenido producido y presentado en esta aplicación. Esta premisa no se aplica a la información considerada como de Dominio Público o de Utilidad Pública. Todas las demás marcas comerciales, marcas de servicio, nombres y logotipos que aparecen en esa aplicación son de propiedad de sus respectivos propietarios.	對于此應用程式產生和出現的所有內容的到期版權，衛生署醫療機構參與，而合作夥伴機構持有。該點不適用于列為公共領域或公共事業的資訊。所有顯示在應用程式中的其他商標、品牌、名稱和徽標的版權歸其各自擁有者。	تحتفظ إدارة الصحة وهيئات الرعاية الصحية المعنية والمؤسسات الشريكة بحقوق الطبع والتأليف المستحقة على جميع المحتويات التي تم إنشاؤها وعرضها في هذا التطبيق. لا ينطبق هذا الافتراض على المعلومات المصنفة على أنها ملكية عامة أو منفعة عامة. يحتفظ الأصحاب المعنيين بجميع العلامات التجارية الأخرى والماركات والأسماء والشعارات التي تظهر في التطبيق بحقوق الطبع التأليف لها.	Министерство Здравоохранения, вовлечённые Департаменты Здравоохранения и организации - партнёры, являются обладателями прав авторства содержания, произведенного и представленного в данном приложении. Это предположение не относится к информации, которая считается Общественным Достоянием или Общественным Использованием. Все прочие товарные знаки, знаки услуг, наименования и логотипы, представленные в данном приложении, являются собственностью их соответствующих владельцев.	Le Ministère de la Santé, les Secrétariats concernés et les institutions partenaires sont propriétaires des droits d'auteur du contenu produit et présenté dans la présente application. Ce principe ne s'applique pas aux informations considérées comme appartenant au domaine public ou reconnu d’utilité publique. Toutes les autres marques, marques de service, noms et logos qui apparaissant dans cette application sont la propriété de leurs détenteurs respectifs.
O aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” é um software open source cuja utilização por terceiros se submete aos termos da licença internacional http://opensource.org/licenses/gpl-3.0 GNU General Public License, version 3 (GPL-3.0). Os direitos de uso do conteúdo e dos relatórios gerados pelo Webapp e pela aplicação são cedidos pelos desenvolvedores, em especial aqueles que decorrem dos termos da licença http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/ Creative Commons - Atribuição-Não Comercial 4.0 Internacional http://creativecommons.org.br/as-licencas/attachment/by-nc/.	The “Guardians of Health” app is an open-source software and its use by third parties is subject to international license terms: http://opensource.org/licenses/gpl-3.0 GNU General Public License, version 3 (GPL-3.0). All rights regarding the use of contents and reports generated by the Webapp and the application are hereby assigned by the developers, particularly those arising from the license terms: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/ Creative Commons - Atribuição-Não Comercial 4.0 Internacional http://creativecommons.org.br/as-licencas/attachment/by-nc/.	La aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” es un software open source cuya utilización por terceros se somete a los términos de la licencia internacional http://opensource.org/licenses/gpl-3.0 GNU General Public License, versión 3 (GPL-3.0). Los derechos de uso del contenido y de los informes generados por Webapp y por la aplicación son cedidos por los desarrolladores, en especial aquellos que provienen de los términos de la licencia http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/ Creative Commons - Atribuição-Não Comercial 4.0 Internacional http://creativecommons.org.br/as-licencas/attachment/by-nc/.	"健康衛士"應用程式開放源碼軟體，協力廠商的使須遵守國際授權條款︰ HTTP://opensource.org/licenses/gpl-3.0 GNU 通用公共許可證，版本 3 (GPL 3.0)。關於使用 Web 應用程式和該應用程式生成的內容和報告的所有權利，由開發人員特此指定，特別是授權條款引起的權利 ︰ HTTP://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/ 創意共同性-Atribuição-Não 商業 4.0 國際 HTTP://creativecommons.org.br/as-licencas/attachment/by-nc/。	تطبيق "مدير الصحة" هو برنامج مفتوح المصدر ويسري على الطرف الثالث الذي يستخدمه شروط الترخيص الدولية: http://opensource.org/licenses/gpl-3.0 GNU رخصة الاستخدام العامة، الإصدار 3 (GPL-3.0). وبموجب هذا تحدد جميع الحقوق المتعلقة باستخدام المحتويات والتقارير التي تعمل Webapp والتطبيق على إنشائها من قبل المطورين، ولا سيما تلك الحقوق المترتبة على شروط الاستخدام: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/ Creative Commons - Atribuição-Não Comercial 4.0 Internacional http://creativecommons.org.br/as-licencas/attachment/by-nc/.	Приложение «Стражи Здоровья» - ПО с открытым исходным кодом, использование которого третьими лицами подчиняются условиям международной лицензии http://opensource.org/licenses/gpl-3.0 GNU General Public License, версия 3 (GPL-3.0). Права на использование содержания и отчётов, сделанных через Webapp и через приложение, даются разработчиками, особенно те, которые вытекают из условий лицензии http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/ Creative Commons - Atribuição-Não Comercial 4.0 Internacional http://creativecommons.org.br/as-licencas/attachment/by-nc/.	L'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » est un logiciel "open-source" dont l'utilisation par des tiers est soumise aux termes de la licence internationale http://opensource.org/licenses/gpl-3.0 GNU General Public License, version 3 (GPL-3.0). Les droits d'utilisation du contenu et des rapports générés par le Webapp et par l'application sont concédés par les développeurs, en particulier ceux découlant des termes de la licence http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/ Creative Commons - Atribuição-Não Comercial 4.0 Internacional http://creativecommons.org.br/as-licencas/attachment/by-nc/.
Apenas informações divulgadas pelos serviços de saúde devem ser consideradas oficiais para divulgação pública, no que tange aos dados relacionados a esse tema. Nenhuma das informação proveniente do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, apesar do empenho da equipe em garantir a qualidade, atualidade e autenticidade das informações, deverá ser considerada oficial para divulgação pública. Os dados coletados por meio do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” são provenientes dos usuários que voluntariamente forneceram as informações e que pode sofrer influência pela sua capacidade de acesso aos dispositivos móveis ou computadores com especificações tecnológicas mínimas.	Only specific information disclosed by healthcare services must be deemed official information for public disclosure. Despite the team’s efforts to ensure the quality, timeliness and authenticity of information, no information provided in the “Guardians of Health” application may be deemed official information for public disclosure. The data collected through the “Guardians of Health” application originates from users who voluntarily shared such information, and may be subject to changes due to such users’ ability to access mobile devices or personal computers with minimum technological specifications.	Sólo la información divulgada por los servicios de salud debe ser considerada oficial para la divulgación pública, en lo que tiene que ver con los datos relacionados a este tema. Ninguna de la información proveniente de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, a pesar del empeño del equipo en garantizar la calidad, actualidad y autenticidad de la información, deberá ser considerada oficial para divulgación pública. Los datos recolectados mediante la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” provienen de usuarios que voluntariamente proporcionaron la información y que pueden sufrir influencia por su capacidad de acceso a los dispositivos móviles o computadoras con especificaciones tecnológicas mínimas.	僅醫療服務機構披露的特定資訊必須視為公開披露的官方資訊。儘管團隊努力確保資訊的質量、及時性和真實性，在"健康衛士"應用程式中提供的資訊不可認為公開披露的官方資訊。通過"健康衛士"應用程式收集的資料來自使用者的自願分享，並可能會因為此類使用者訪問最低技術規格的行動裝置或個人電腦與的能力而改變。	يجب اعتبار المعلومات المحددة فقط التي كشفت عنها خدمات الرعايا الصحية معلومات رسمية يجوز الكشف عنها للعامة. على الرغم من الجهود التي يبذلها الفريق لضمان تحقيق الجودة، التي تتمثل في توقيت الكشف عن المعلومات ومدى صحتها، لا يمكن اعتبار أي معلومات مذكورة في تطبيق "مدير الصحة" معلومات رسمية يجوز الكشف عنها للعامة. تعود البيانات التي يتم جمعها من خلال تطبيق "مدير الصحة" إلى المستخدمين الذين قاموا طوعًا بمشاركة هذه المعلومات، ويمكن أن تسري عليها تغييرات بسبب قدرة هؤلاء المستخدمين على الوصول إلى الأجهزة المحمولة أو أجهزة الكمبيوتر الشخصية باستخدام الحد الأدنى من المواصفات التكنولوجية.	Только информацию, распространяемую службами здравоохранения, следует считать официальной для публичного распространения, в отношении данных, связанных с этой темой. Никакая информация приложения «Стражи Здоровья», не смотря на все старания команды в обеспечении качества, своевременности и достоверности информации, не должна считаться официальной для публичного распространения. Данные, собранные с помощью приложения «Стражи Здоровья», поступают от пользователей добровольно предоставляющих информацию, и могут быть подвержены влиянию их способности доступа в мобильные устройства или компьютера с минимальными возможностями в технологиях.	Seules les informations concernant les données ayant un rapport avec le thème de la santé et diffusées par les services de santé doivent être considérées comme officielles pour la diffusion publique. Aucune information provenant de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », malgré l'engagement de l'équipe à assurer la qualité, la mise à jour et l'authenticité des informations, ne devra être considérée comme officielle pour la diffusion publique. Les données recueillies par le moyen de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » proviennent des utilisateurs qui ont volontairement fourni les informations et peuvent être restreintes par leur capacité d’accès aux appareils mobiles ou aux ordinateurs ayant des spécifications techniques limitées.
Assim, as informações geradas, a partir dessa estratégia, podem ser insuficientes para representar estatisticamente ao real padrão epidemiológico daquele período e local. As informações lúdicas ou de utilidade pública poderão apresentar eventuais incorreções ou falhas de atualização, sendo recomendada sua validação pelos usuários em casos de urgência e emergência ou de qualquer outra situação de ameaça à vossa saúde ou integridade.	Therefore, the information generated under this strategy may be insufficient to statistically portray actual epidemiological patterns in certain locations and periods of time. Recreational or public utility information provided in the application may eventually be inaccurate or outdated. Users are recommended to confirm such information in case of emergency or any other situation of risk regarding their health or integrity.	De esta manera, la información generada, a partir de esa estrategia, puede ser insuficiente para representar estadísticamente al padrón epidemiológico real de ese período y lugar. La información lúdica o de utilidad pública podrá presentar incorrecciones o fallas eventuales de actualización, siendo recomendada su validación por los usuarios en casos de urgencia y emergencia o de cualquier otra situación de amenaza a su salud o integridad.	因此，在特定地點和時間段，在這一戰略下生成的資訊可能不足以統計描繪實際的流行病模式。在應用程式中提供的娛樂或公用事業資訊最終可能不准確或過時。建議使用者在緊急情況或任何其他健康或完整性風險的情況下確認此類資訊。	لذلك، قد تكون المعلومات التي تم إنشاؤها في إطار هذه الإستراتيجية غير كافية لكي تصور الأنماط الوبائية الفعلية تصويرًا إحصائيًا في بعض المواقع وعلى مدار فترات زمنية. قد تكون المعلومات الترفيهية أو ذات المنفعة العامة المذكورة في التطبيق مؤخرًا غير دقيقة أو قديمة. يُنصح المستخدمون بتأكيد هذه المعلومات في حالة التعرض لموقف طارئ أو أي موقف آخر ينطوي على خطر ما له صلة بصحتهم أو سلامتهم.	Таким образом, общая полученная информация, может оказаться недостаточной, чтобы представлять статистически реальную эпидемиологическую картину того периода и места. Полезная информация или общественно-официальная, может содержать какие-либо неточности или ошибки обновления, поэтому пользователям рекомендуется проверить, в случае срочности и чрезвычайного положения или другой угрожающей ситуации для вашего здоровья.	C’est pour cette raison que les informations produites par cette stratégie peuvent être insuffisantes pour représenter statistiquement la situation épidémiologique réelle d’une période et d’un lieu. Les informations ludiques ou reconnues d’utilité publique peuvent présenter des inexactitudes ou ne pas être actualisées, même si la validation des utilisateurs en situation d'urgence, ou menaçant la santé et l’intégrité physique des personnes, est recommandée.
6. LEIS, REGULAMENTOS, DIREITOS E DEVERES:	6. RULES, REGULATIONS, RIGHTS AND DUTIES:	6. LEYES, REGLAMENTOS, DERECHOS Y DEBERES:	6.規則、條例、權利和義務 ︰	6. المبادئ واللوائح والحقوق والواجبات:	6. Законы, Постановления, Права и Обязанности:	6. Lois, règlements, droits et devoirs :
É política da equipe do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” cumprir todas as leis e regulamentos aplicáveis e vigentes. No caso de qualquer disposição do presente Termo de Uso estar em conflito com qualquer lei ou regulamento aplicável, a lei ou regulamentação aplicável substituirá a disposição contrária.	The “Guardians of Health” application team policy is to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. In the event any provision set out in this Term of Use conflicts with any applicable laws or regulations, the latter shall prevail over the former.	Es política del equipo de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” cumplir todas las leyes y reglamentos aplicables y vigentes. En el caso de cualquier disposición de los presentes Términos de Uso esté en conflicto con cualquier ley o reglamento aplicable, la ley o reglamento aplicable substituirá a la disposición contraria.	"健康衛士"應用程式團隊會定期遵循所有適用的法律和法規。如果該使用條款中所載任何規定與任何適用的法律或規例衝突，則後者應優先于前者。	يمتثل فريق تطبيق "مدير الصحة" بانتظام إلى جميع القوانين واللوائح المعمول بها. في حالة تعارض أي بند منصوص عليه في شروط الاستخدام هذه مع أي قوانين أو لوائح معمول بها، تكون الغلبة للقوانين واللوائح في هذه النقطة.	Политикой команды приложения «Стражи Здоровья» соблюдать все применимые законы и постановления. Если какое-либо положение настоящих Условий Использования находится в конфликте с любым законом или нормативным актом, закон или нормативный акт заменяет обратное.	La politique de l'équipe de l’application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » est de respecter toutes les lois et règlements applicables en vigueur. Dans le cas où une disposition des présentes Conditions d'utilisation entre en conflit avec une loi ou un règlement applicable, la loi ou le règlement applicable remplacera la disposition.
Este Termo de Uso e o uso do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” são e serão regidos e interpretados de acordo com as leis internas do Brasil, sem levar em conta as suas regras de conflitos de leis. Em caso de qualquer conflito entre as leis, regras e regulamentos estrangeiros e as do Brasil, as leis, regras e regulamentos do Brasil deverão prevalecer.	This Term of Use and the “Guardians of Health” application’s use shall be governed and interpreted as per Brazilian laws, notwithstanding eventual conflict-of-law regulations. In the event of conflicts between foreign and Brazilian regulations, rules and laws, Brazilian regulations, rules and laws shall prevail.	Estos Términos de Uso y el uso de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” son y serán regidos e interpretados de acuerdo con las leyes internas de Brasil, sin tomar en cuenta sus reglas de conflictos de leyes. En caso de cualquier conflicto entre las leyes, reglas y reglamentos extranjeros y de Brasil, las leyes, reglas y reglamentos de Brasil deberán prevalecer.	該使用條款和"健康衛士"應用程式的使用應由巴西法律管轄和解釋，儘管最終的法律法規衝突。如果外國和巴西的規章、規則和法律之間衝突，則以巴西的規章、規則和法律為准。	تسري القوانين البرازيلية على شروط الاستخدام هذه واستخدام تطبيق "مدير الصحة" وتفسر هذه الشروط وفقًا لها، على الرغم من وجود لوائح تنازع القوانين مؤخرًا. في حالة وجود تعارضات بين اللوائح والمبادئ والقوانين الأجنبية والبرازيلية، تكون الغلبة للوائح والمبادئ والقوانين البرازيلية.	Эти Условия Использования приложения «Стражи Здоровья» есть и будут регулироваться и толковаться в соответствии с внутренним законодательством Бразилии, без учета своих правил коллизии законов. В случае возникновения противоречий между законами, правилами и нормами международными и Бразилии, законы, нормы и правила Бразилии имеют преимущественную силу.	Ces conditions d'utilisation et l'utilisation de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » sont et seront régies et interprétées selon les lois internes du Brésil, sans tenir compte de ses règles de conflit de lois. En cas de conflit entre les lois, règles et règlements étrangers et ceux du Brésil, les lois, règles et règlements brésiliens prévaudront.
O aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” poderá, mas não é obrigado, monitorar, revisar e restringir o acesso a qualquer de suas áreas onde os usuários transmitem informações, podendo retirar do ar ou retirar o acesso a qualquer destas informações ou comunicações. Se você tiver alguma dúvida em relação ao aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, não hesite em contatar-nos pelo e-mail: contato@guardioesdasaude.org	The “Guardians of Health” application may eventually monitor, review and restrict access to any area from which users transmit information, in addition to removing or restricting the access to such information or notifications. Please contact us at contato@guardioesdasaude.org in case of any doubts or questions regarding the “Guardians of Health” application.	La aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” podrá, pero no está obligada, a monitorear, revisar y restringir el acceso a cualquier de sus áreas donde los usuarios transmiten información, pudiendo retirar del aire o retirar el acceso a cualesquiera de estas informaciones o comunicaciones. Si usted tiene alguna duda en relación a la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, no dude en contactarnos mediante el e-mail: contato@guardioesdasaude.org	除了刪除或限制對對此類資訊或通知的訪問，"健康衛士"應用程式最終可能監測、審查和限制使用者訪問從其傳輸資訊的任何地區。如有關於"健康衛士"應用程式的任何疑問或問題，請通過 contato@guardioesdasaude.org 聯繫我們。	قد يقوم تطبيق "مدير الصحة" مؤخرًا بمراقبة ومراجعة وتقييد الوصول إلى أي منطقة يرسل منها المستخدمون المعلومات، بالإضافة إلى إزالة المعلومات أو الإشعارات أو تقييد الوصول إليها. يرجى التواصل معنا على contato@guardioesdasaude.org في حالة وجود أي شكاوى أو أسئلة تتعلق بتطبيق "مدير الصحة".	Приложение «Стражи Здоровья» может, но не обязательно, осуществлять мониторинг, проверку и ограничение доступа к любой из областей, где пользователи передают информацию, и снимать с сайта или закрывать доступ к любой информации или сообщениям. Если у вас есть какие-либо вопросы, касающиеся приложения «Стражи Здоровья», обращайтесь к нам по электронной почте: contato@guardioesdasaude.org	L'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » pourra, mais sans aucune obligation, contrôler, réviser et restreindre l'accès à n’importe quelle zone où les utilisateurs transmettent des informations, pouvant supprimer ou suspendre l'accès à ces informations ou communications. Si vous avez des questions concernant l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », n'hésitez pas à nous contacter par e-mail : contato@guardioesdasaude.org
7. USO DAS CONTRIBUIÇÕES:	7. USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS:	7. USO DE LAS CONTRIBUCIONES:	7.投稿的使用 ︰	7. استخدام المساهمات:	7. Использование Внесённой Информации:	7. Utilisation des contributions
Ao enviar uma contribuição escrita ou postar informações no aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, você concede uma licença perpétua, isenta de royalties, licença incondicional para essa aplicação e qualquer organização sucessora, a publicar a sua contribuição no aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, bem como divulgá-las, de forma agregada (nunca individual) a outros meios de comunicação, e para discutir ou referenciá-la em quaisquer publicações decorrentes do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”.	Upon submitting a written contribution or posting information in the “Guardians of Health” application, you automatically grant a permanent and royalty-free license for such application, and any successor organization, to publish such contributions in the “Guardians of Health” app, as well as disclosing such information in an aggregated manner (never identifying users) to other communication media, as well as discussing or referencing such information in any publications related to the “Guardians of Health” application.	Al enviar una contribución escrita o publicar información en la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, usted concede una licencia perpetua, exenta de royalties, licencia incondicional para esta aplicación y cualquier organización sucesora, para publicar su contribución en la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, así como divulgarla, de forma agregada (nunca individual) a otros medios de comunicación, y para discutir o referenciarla en cualesquiera publicaciones provenientes de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”.	在"健康衛士"應用程式中投稿或發佈資訊時，即代表您自動授予此類應用的永久免版稅許可，且任何後繼組織可以在"健康衛士"應用程式中發布此類稿件，并以統一的方式（永遠不會用於識別使用者）披露此類資訊給其他通訊媒體，以及在與"健康衛士"應用程式相關的任何刊物中討論或引用此類資訊。	عند إرسال مساهمة مكتوبة أو نشر معلومات في تطبيق "مدير الصحة"، تمنح ترخيصًا دائمًا وبدون حقوق ملكية لهذا التطبيق، وأي مؤسسة وريثة، لنشر هذه المساهمات في تطبيق "الصحة"، بالإضافة إلى الكشف عن هذه المعلومات بطريقة مجمعة (لا يمكن تحديد المستخدمين) إلى وسائط التواصل الأخرى، فضلاً عن مناقشة هذه المعلومات أو الرجوع إليها في أي منشورات تتعلق بتطبيق "مدير الصحة".	Внося письменные материалы или размещая информацию в приложении «Стражи Здоровья», вы предоставляете бессрочную, безвозмездную, безусловную лицензию данному приложению и любому преемнику организации, на то, чтобы опубликовать свою информацию в приложении «Стражи Здоровья», а также распространять её, в общей форме (ни в коем случае не в индивидуальной) в других средствах массовой информации, а также обсуждать или ссылаться на неё в любых публикациях вытекающих из приложения «Стражи Здоровья».	En envoyant une contribution écrite ou en publiant des informations sur l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », vous concédez une autorisation perpétuelle, exempte de droits d’auteur, autorisation inconditionnelle à cette application et à toutes organisations qui lui succèderaient, à publier votre contribution sur l'application « Les Gardiens de la santé », mais aussi à la diffuser, de manière agrégée (jamais de manière individuelle) par d'autres moyens de communication, et pour en débattre ou la référencer dans des publications émanant de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé ».
Você também concorda que o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”tem o direito, mas não a obrigação, de editar ou remover qualquer contribuição, ou incluí-la no texto, em conjunto com outras contribuições, a critério exclusivo da equipe relacionada a essa aplicação.	Moreover, you agree that the “Guardians of Health” application is entitled to edit, delete or add any contribution to the texts of other contributions, at the sole discretion of the application development team.	Usted también está de acuerdo en que la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” tiene el derecho, pero no la obligación, de editar o remover cualquier contribución, o incluirla en el texto, en conjunto con otras contribuciones, a criterio exclusivo del equipo relacionado a esa aplicación.	此外，您同意"健康衛士"應用程式有權編輯、刪除或添加任何內容到其他稿件的文本中，具體由應用程式開發團隊自行決定。	وعلاوة على ذلك، فإنك توافق على أن يحق لتطبيق "مدير الصحة" تعديل أي مساهمة أو حذفها أو إضافتها إلى نصوص المساهمات الأخرى، وفقًا للتقدير الوحيد لفريق تطوير التطبيق.	Вы также согласны с тем, что приложение «Стражи Здоровья» имеет право, но не обязанность, редактировать или удалять любую информацию или материалы, или включать их в текст, наряду с другими, по усмотрению команды связанной с этим приложением.	Vous acceptez également que l'application « Les Gardiens de la santé » a le droit, mais non l'obligation, de modifier ou supprimer toute contribution ou l'inclure dans un texte avec d'autres contributions, et ce, selon les critères exclusifs de l’équipe rattachée à cette application.
8. GARANTIA DE SIGILO E PRIVACIDADE:	8. ASSURANCE OF PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY:	8. GARANTÍA DE SIGILO Y PRIVACIDAD:	8.隱私和保密性保證 ︰	8. ضمان الخصوصية والسرية:	8. Гарантия Секретности и Конфиденциальность:	8. Protection de la vie privée et de la confidentialité :
Será garantido o sigilo e a privacidade de todas as informações produzidas por você no aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” e o acesso as informações seguem as regras previstas na Lei de Acesso à Informação.	The privacy and confidentiality of all information provided by users in the “Guardians of Health” application is hereby guaranteed, and any access to such information must abide by the regulations set out in the Brazilian Access to Information Act.	Será garantizado el sigilo y la privacidad de toda la información producida por usted en la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” y el acceso a la información seguirá las reglas previstas en la Ley de Acceso a la Información.	特此保證"健康衛士"應用程式中的使用者提供的所有資訊的隱私和保密性，並且對這種資訊的任何訪問必須遵守《巴西資訊獲取法案 》的規定。	وبموجب هذا يتم ضمان خصوصية وسرية كل المعلومات التي يُدخلها المستخدمون في تطبيق "مدير الصحة"، ويجب أن تسري اللوائح المنصوص عليها في قانون الوصول إلى المعلومات في البرازيل على أي وصول إلى هذه المعلومات.	Будет обеспечена секретность и конфиденциальность всей информации, получаемой от вас в приложении «Стражи Здоровья» , а также доступ к информации, по правилам, установленным Законом Доступа к Информации.	La confidentialité et la vie privée de toutes les informations que vous produisez dans l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » seront garanties et l’accès aux informations suivent les règles prévues par la loi d’accès à l’information.
Reservamo-nos o direito de usar esta informação internamente e, neste âmbito, sua contribuição estará vinculada ao seu e-mail e será anonimizada para qualquer fim de análise dos dados.	We reserve the right to use such information for internal purposes, in which case your contributions will be attributed to your email address and anonymized for all data analysis purposes.	Nos reservamos el derecho de usar esta información internamente y, bajo este ámbito, su contribución estará vinculada a su e-mail y será hecha anónima para cualquier finalidad de análisis de los datos.	我們有權將此類資訊用於內部目的，在這種情況下，您的投稿將會歸因於您的電子郵件地址，并匿名用于所有資料分析目的。	نحتفظ بالحق في استخدام هذه المعلومات لأغراض داخلية، وفي هذه الحالة ستنسب مساهماتك إلى عنوان بريدك الإلكتروني وتكون مجهولة المصدر لأغراض تحليل البيانات.	Оставляем за собой право использовать эту информацию внутри нашей системы, и в этом контексте, ваша информация или материалы будут связаны с вашим адресом электронной почты, и будет анонимной для любых целей анализа данных.	Nous nous réservons le droit d'utiliser ces informations en interne et, dans ce cadre, votre contribution sera liée à votre adresse e-mail et rendue anonyme pour l’exécution d’analyses de données.
Informamos também que, para atender a finalidade principal do aplicativo, que é identificar aglomerados de individuos com sintomas, as informações sobre seu estado de saúde serão geolocalizadas através da captura do sinal de GPS de seu dispositivo.".	Moreover, in order to fulfill the primary purpose of the application, which is to identify groups of individuals with symptoms, the information regarding your health conditions shall be geolocated through your device’s GPS feature.”	Informamos también que, para atender a la finalidad principal de la aplicación, que es identificar aglomerados de individuos con síntomas, la información sobre su estado de salud será geolocalizada a través de la captura de la señal de GPS de su dispositivo".	此外，為了履行應用程式最主要的目的，即確定個人群體與症狀，關於您的健康情況的資訊將通過您設備的 GPS 功能進行定位。	وعلاوة على ذلك، من أجل الوفاء بالغرض الأساسي من التطبيق، الذي يتمثل في تحديد مجموعات الأفراد التي تعاني من الأعراض نفسها، يجب تحديد موقع المعلومات المتعلقة بظروفك الصحية عبر الاستعانة بخاصية تحديد المواقع المتضمنة في جهازك.	Также информируем, что для достижения главной цели приложения: определение группы людей с определёнными симптомами, информация о состоянии вашего здоровья будет привязана через сигнал GPS вашего устройства.".	Nous vous informons également que pour répondre à l'objectif principal de l'application, qui consiste à identifier des groupes de personnes présentant des symptômes, les informations sur votre état de santé seront géolocalisées par capture du signal GPS de votre appareil. ".
O aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, seus colaboradores e usuários, incluindo agências governamentais e não governamentais, dependem dos usuários para a precisão das contribuições. A equipe não se responsabiliza por erros ou imprecisões em qualquer submissão. Deturpação deliberada de informações por um usuário pode constituir uma violação da lei, e se for séria, será comunicada às autoridades governamentais apropriadas.	The “Guardians of Health” application, its collaborators and users, including public agencies and NGOs, rely on the app’s users to ensure the accuracy and truthfulness of contributions. The team may not be held liable for errors or mistakes in any submission. False information deliberately submitted by users may constitute criminal offenses and shall be notified to competent authorities accordingly.	La aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, sus colaboradores y usuarios, incluyendo agencias gubernamentales y no gubernamentales, dependen de los usuarios para la precisión de las contribuciones. El equipo no se responsabiliza por errores o imprecisiones en cualquier sumisión. La tergiversación deliberada de información por parte de un usuario puede constituir una violación de la ley, y si es seria, será comunicada a las autoridades gubernamentales apropiadas.	"健康衛士"應用程式，其合作者和使用者，包括公共機構和非政府組織，依賴應用程式的使用者確保內容的準確性和真實性。團隊不對任何提交的錯誤或失誤負責。使用者故意提交虛假資訊可能構成刑事犯罪，將通知相應的主管當局。	يعتمد تطبيق "مدير الصحة والمتعاونين فيه ومستخدميه، بما في ذلك الهيئات العامة والمنظمات غير الحكومية، على مستخدمي التطبيق لضمان دقة المساهمات وصحتها. لا يتحمل الفريق أي مسؤولية عن أخطاء أو غلطات في أي عملية إرسال. قد تشكّل المعلومات الكاذبة التي يرسلها المستخدمون عن عمد نوعًا من الجرائم الجنائية ولابد من إخطار السلطات المختصة بذلك الأمر.	Приложение «Стражи Здоровья», его сотрудники и пользователи, в том числе государственные и негосударственные агентства, зависят от пользователей в точности внесённой информации. Команда не несет ответственности за ошибки или неточности в любом представлении. Преднамеренное искажение информации пользователем, может являться нарушением закона, а если это серьезное нарушение, оно будет доведено до сведения соответствующих органов исполнительной власти.	L'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », ses collaborateurs et utilisateurs, comprenant les agences gouvernementales et non gouvernementales, dépendent des utilisateurs pour la précision des contributions. L'équipe n'est pas responsable des erreurs ou des inexactitudes des contributions envoyées. La dénaturation délibérée d'informations par un utilisateur peut constituer une violation de la Loi, et si elle est grave, elle sera communiquée aux autorités gouvernementales compétentes.
9. ATUALIZAÇÃO DO APLICATIVO "GUARDIÕES DA SAÚDE":	9. “GUARDIANS OF HEALTH"APP UPDATES:	9. ACTUALIZACIÓN DE LA APLICACIÓN GUARDIANES DE LA SALUD":	9."健康衛士"應用程式更新：	9. التحديثات المتوفرة لتطبيق "مدير الصحة":	9. Обновление приложения «Стражи Здоровья»:	9. Mise à jour de l’application « Les Gardiens de la Santé »:
Modificações dessa aplicação e dos seus Termos de Uso poderão ocorrer. A menos que indique o contrário, seu uso do Webapp e da aplicação indica a aceitação integral dos Termos de Uso naquela versão vigente, cada vez que você usar o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”. Fiquem atentos às atualizações e, em caso de dúvida, os Termos de Uso estarão sempre disponíveis para acesso e concordância ou não.	This application and its Terms of Use are subject to changes. Except when otherwise expressly indicated, your use of the Webapp and the application automatically entails due acceptance and agreement with the respective Terms of Use every time you access the “Guardians of Health” application. Stay tuned to new updates and, in case of doubts, the Terms of Use are always available for access and agreement or rejection.	Podrán haber modificaciones de esta aplicación y de sus Términos de Uso. A menos que indique lo contrario, su uso de Webapp y de la aplicación indica la aceptación integral de los Términos de Uso en esa versión vigente, cada vez que usted use la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”. Estén atentos a las actualizaciones y, en caso de duda, los Términos de Uso estarán siempre disponibles para acceso y concordancia o no.	此應用程式與其使用條款均可能發生變化。除了另有明文規定，您的 Web 應用程式和該應用程式的使用即視為自動接受和同意每一次訪問"健康衛士"應用程式的各自使用條款。請繼續接收新的更新，如果懷疑，使用條款可隨時訪問，同意或拒絕。	يخضع هذا التطبيق وشروط استخدامه إلى بعض التغييرات. باستثناء ما يشار إليه صراحة بخلاف ذلك، يتطلب استخدام Webapp والتطبيق موافقة وقبول لشروط الاستخدام في كل مرة تقوم فيها بالوصول إلى تطبيق "مدير الصحة". كن متابعًا للتحديثات الجديدة، وفي حالة وجود شك، يتاح دائمًا الوصول إلى شروط الاستخدام ويتم الأمر سواء بالقبول أو الرفض.	Может произойти изменения в данном приложении и его Условиях Использования. Если только указано обратное, использование вашего Webapp и приложения указывает на полное принятие Условий Использования, текущей версии, каждый раз, когда вы используете приложение «Стражи Здоровья». Следите за обновлениями и, если у вас появились сомнения, Условия Использования всегда свободны для доступа, чтобы принять их или нет.	Des modifications de la présente application et de ses Conditions d’utilisation peuvent survenir. Sauf indication contraire, votre utilisation du Webapp et de l'application indique que vous acceptez intégralement les Conditions d’utilisation de cette version en vigueur, chaque fois que vous utilisez l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé ». Informez-vous sur les mises à jour et, si vous avez des questions, les Conditions d'utilisation seront toujours disponibles pour l'accès et l’acceptation ou non.
10. RESPONSABILIDADE POR AÇÕES COM BASE NO CONTEÚDO:	10. LIABILITY FOR ACTIONS BASED ON CONTENTS:	10. RESPONSABILIDAD POR ACCIONES CON BASE EN EL CONTENIDO:	10.對基於內容的行為的責任 ︰	10. المسؤولية عن الإجراءات المستندة إلى المحتويات:	10. Ответственность за Действия, на основании Содержания:	10. Responsabilité pour les actions basées sur le contenu :
O aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” não assume responsabilidade por quaisquer prejuízos e/ou danos a pessoas ou bens, em consequência de qualquer utilização das ideias, conteúdos, instruções, métodos, produtos ou procedimentos contidos nessa aplicação.	The “Guardians of Health” application may not be held liable for any personal/property losses and/or damages arising from the use of any idea, content, instruction, method, product or procedure provided herein.	La aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” no asume responsabilidad por cualquier perjuicio y/o daños a personas o bienes, en consecuencia de cualquier utilización de las ideas, contenidos, instrucciones, métodos, productos o procedimientos contenidos en esa aplicación.	"健康衛士"應用程式不對因使用此處提供的任何想法、內容、說明、方法、產品或程式所引起的任何個人/財產損失和/或損害負責。	قد لا يتحمل تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أي مسؤولية عن أي خسائر شخصية/في الملكية و/أو أضرار ناجمة عن استخدام أي فكرة أو محتوى أو تعليمات أو وسيلة أو منتج أو إجراء منصوص عليه هنا.	Приложение «Стражи Здоровья» не несет никакой ответственности за любые убытки и/или ущерб, причиненный людям или имуществу в результате любого использования идей, содержания, инструкций, методов, продуктов или процедур, содержащихся в данном приложении.	L'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » n'assume aucune responsabilité pour les préjudices et/ou dommages corporels ou matériels résultant de toute utilisation des idées, contenus, instructions, méthodes, produits ou procédures contenues dans la présente application.
Em hipótese alguma os profissionais envolvidos com o desenvolvimento ou gestão dessa aplicação serão responsabilizados por qualquer decisão ou ação tomada por você em base a tal conteúdo.	Under no circumstances may the professionals involved in the development or management of this application be held liable for any of your decisions or actions based on such contents.	Bajo ninguna hipótesis los profesionales involucrados con el desarrollo o gestión de esta aplicación serán responsabilizados por cualquier decisión o acción tomada por usted en base a dicho contenido.	在任何情況下，參與開發或管理此應用程式的專業人士不對您基於這類內容的任何決定或行動負責。	بأي حال من الأحوال لا يجوز أن يتحمل المتخصصين المشاركين في تطوير التطبيق أو إدارته أي مسؤولية عن أي قرارات أو إجراءات تتخذها استنادًا إلى هذه المحتويات.	Ни в коем случае профессионалы участвующие в разработке или управлении этого приложения будут нести ответственность за любые решения или действия, предпринятые вами на основе этого содержания.	En aucun cas les professionnels engagés dans le développement ou la gestion de cette application seront responsables de toute décision ou mesure que vous prenez et qui sont basées sur ledit contenu.
Diante de ameaças ou qualquer outra situação de risco a vossa saúde ou integridade, procure sempre orientações validadas e atualizadas pelos serviços locais de saúde pública.	In the event of threats or any other situation of risk regarding your health or integrity, always seek out valid and updated instructions provide by local public healthcare services.	Frente a las amenazas o cualquier otra situación de riesgo para la salud o integridad de usted, busque siempre orientación validada y actualizada por parte de los servicios locales de salud pública.	在受到威脅或任何其他健康或完整性風險的情況下，總是尋求由當地公共衛生保健服務機構提供的有效和最新的說明。	في حالة وجود تهديدات أو أي موقف آخر ينطوي على خطر يتعلق بصحتك وسلامتك، فعليك دائمًا بالبحث عن معلومات صالحة وجديدة توفرها خدمات الرعاية الصحية العامة المحلية.	Если что-то угрожает вашему здоровью или целостности, всегда обращаются за подтвержденной и обновленной помощью к местным службам общественного здравоохранения.	Face à des menaces ou à toute autre situation de risque pour votre santé ou votre intégrité, recherchez toujours des instructions validées et mises à jour par les services locaux de santé publique.
11. RESPONSABILIDADE POR PROBLEMAS TECNOLÓGICOS:	11. LIABILITY FOR TECHNOLOGICAL ISSUES:	11. RESPONSABILIDAD POR PROBLEMAS TECNOLÓGICOS: :	11.技術問題的責任 ︰	11. المسؤولية عن المشاكل التقنية:	11. Ответственность за Технологические Проблемы:	11. Responsabilité pour les problèmes techniques :
Eventualmente, todo o conteúdo ou qualquer parte do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” pode não estar disponível e pode não funcionar corretamente em qualquer momento. Fazemos esforços razoáveis para evitar problemas tecnológicos, mas em qualquer momento podem ocorrer nessa aplicação problemas tecnológicos das mais diversas naturezas, tais como vírus, rotinas de programação prejudiciais ou problemas relacionados ao aparelho.	Any content or section of the “Guardians of Health” application may be eventually unavailable or not functioning properly at any time. Despite our reasonable efforts to prevent technological issues, problems of several different natures may occur at any moment, including virus, harmful programming routines, or device-end problems.	Eventualmente, todo el contenido o cualquier parte de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” puede no estar disponible y puede no funcionar correctamente en cualquier momento. Realizaremos esfuerzos razonables para evitar problemas tecnológicos, pero en cualquier momento pueden ocurrir en esta aplicación problemas tecnológicos de las más diversas naturalezas, tales como virus, rutinas de programación perjudiciales o problemas relacionados al aparato.	"健康衛士"應用程式的任何內容或部分最終可能不可用或隨時無法正常工作。儘管我們盡力防止出現技術問題，但隨時可能出現多個不同性質的問題，包括病毒、有害程式或設備端問題。	يرد أن يتعذر الوصول مؤخرًا إلى أي محتوى أو قسم في تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أو أن لا يعمل التطبيق بشكل صحيح في أي وقت. على الرغم من الجهود المعقولة التي نبذلها لتفادي الوقوع في مشكلات تقنية، قد تظهر مشكلات ذات طبائع عديدة مختلفة في أي لحظة، تتمثل في الوقوع فريسة للفيروسات أو روتينيات البرمجة الضارة أو مشكلات تتعلق بالجهاز.	В конечном итоге всё содержание или какая-либо часть приложения «Стражи Здоровья», может быть недоступна или находится в нерабочем режиме. Мы прилагаем все усилия, чтобы избежать технологических проблем, но они могут возникнуть в этом приложении в любое время и различного характера, например, такие как вирус, обычные процедуры программирования, или проблемы связанные с устройством.	Tout le contenu ou une partie de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » peut éventuellement et à tout moment, ne pas être disponible et peut ne pas fonctionner correctement. Nous fournissons des efforts raisonnables pour éviter des problèmes techniques, mais, dans cette application, il peut survenir à tout moment des problèmes techniques de diverses natures, tels que des virus, des routines de programmation nuisibles ou des problèmes liés à l'appareil.
O Webapp e a aplicação são fornecidos "como está" e "conforme estiver disponível". Sem limitar o nosso aviso geral, não garantimos a disponibilidade, integridade, pontualidade, funcionalidade, confiabilidade, sequenciamento ou a velocidade de entrega nessa aplicação ou de qualquer parte do conteúdo.	The Webapp and application are provided “as-is” and “as-available”. Notwithstanding the general announcement, we cannot guarantee the unabridged availability, integrity, timeliness, reliability, sequencing or delivery speed of this application or any of its contents.	La Webapp y la aplicación se proporcionan "como están" y "conforme estén disponibles". Sin limitar nuestro aviso general, no garantizamos la disponibilidad, integridad, puntualidad, funcionalidad, confiabilidad, secuenciamiento o la velocidad de entrega en esta aplicación o de cualquier parte del contenido.	Web 應用程式和該應用程式按原樣提供。儘管有一般公告，我們不能保證此應用程式或它其任何內容未刪節的可用性、完整性、及時性、可靠性、順序或交付速度。	يتوفر Webapp والتطبيق "كما هما" و "بحسب توافرهما". على الرغم من الإعلان العام، لا يمكن أن نضمن التوفر الكامل أو السلامة أو الاستمرارية أو التسلسل أو سرعة تسليم هذا التطبيق أو أي من محتوياته.	Webapp и приложение предоставляются «как есть» и «как доступно». Не ограничивая нашу ответственность, мы не можем гарантировать доступность, целостность, своевременность, функциональность, надежность, последовательность или скорость доставки в этом приложении или любой части его содержания.	Le Webapp et l'application sont fournis « tel quel » et « tel que disponible ». Sans limiter notre avertissement général, nous ne garantissons pas la disponibilité, l'intégrité, la ponctualité, la fonctionnalité, la fiabilité, l’enchaînement ou la rapidité de diffusion de cette application ou de n'importe quelle partie du contenu.
O aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” não se responsabiliza por qualquer dano ou prejuízo causado pelo desempenho ou falha de desempenho de toda ou qualquer parte da aplicação. O aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” não se responsabiliza por quaisquer defeitos, atrasos ou erros resultantes da sua utilização dessa aplicação.	The “Guardians of Health” application may not be held liable for any damages or losses arising from performance or lack thereof regarding any part of this application. The “Guardians of Health” application may not be held liable for any defects, delays or errors arising from the use of this application.	La aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” no se responsabiliza por cualquier daño o perjuicio causado por el desempeño o falla de desempeño de toda o cualquier parte de la aplicación. La aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” no se responsabiliza por ningún defecto, atraso o error resultante de su utilización de esta aplicación.	"健康衛士"應用程式不對因有關此應用程式任何部分的性能或缺乏造成的任何損害承擔責任。"健康衛士"應用程式不對此應用程式的使用所引起的任何缺陷、延遲或錯誤承擔責任。	قد لا يتحمل تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أي مسؤولية عن أي أضرار أو خسائر ناجمة عن الأداء أو نقصل في أمر مماثل يتعلق بأي جزء في هذا التطبيق. قد لا يتحمل تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أي مسؤولية عن أي عيوب أو تأخيرات أو أخطاء ناجمة عن استخدام هذا التطبيق.	Приложение «Стражи Здоровья» не несет ответственности за какие-либо повреждения или травмы, вызванные исполнением или неисполнением всего или любой части приложения. Приложение «Стражи Здоровья» не несет ответственности за какие-либо дефекты, задержки или ошибки, связанные с использованием этого приложения.	L'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » n'est pas responsable de tout dommage ou préjudice résultant de l'exécution ou l'inexécution de tout ou d’une partie de l’application. L'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » ne sont pas responsables des défauts, des retards ou des erreurs résultant de l'utilisation de cette application.
A utilização de todas as funcionalidades do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” exige disponibilidade do acesso à internet pelo usuário, por wi-fi ou cabo de rede de dados. A ausência desse pré-requisito pode limitar a utilização da aplicação com todo seu potencial de uso. A equipe do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, considerando esse aviso, não assume responsabilidade decorrente dessa limitação.	The use of all “Guardians of Health” features requires users to access the Internet via Wi-Fi or cable connections. The lack of such requirement may restrict the use of the application and its entire potential. Therefore, the “Guardians of Health” application team may not be held liable for such eventual restrictions.	La utilización de todas las funcionalidades de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” exige disponibilidad del acceso a Internet por parte del usuario, mediante wi-fi o cable de red de datos. La ausencia de ese prerrequisito puede limitar la utilización de la aplicación con todo su potencial de uso. El equipo de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, considerando este aviso, no asume ninguna responsabilidad consecuencia de esta limitación.	"健康衛士"所有功能的使用需要使用者通過 Wi-fi 或電纜連線上網。否則可能會限制使用應用程式及其整個潛能。因此，"健康衛士"應用程式團隊不對這種最終的限制負責。	يتطلب استخدام خصائص تطبيق "مدير الصحة" من المستخدمين الوصول إلى الإنترنت باستخدام شبكة لاسلكية أو توصيلات الكابلات. قد يؤدي عدم وجود هذا المطلب إلى تقييد استخدام التطبيق وإمكاناته بالكامل. لذلك، قد لا يتحمل فريق تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أي مسؤولية عن هذه القيود الناتجة.	Использование всех функциональных возможностей приложения «Стражи Здоровья» требует наличия доступа пользователя к Интернету, с помощью Wi-Fi или сети передачи данных. Отсутствие этого необходимого условия может ограничить использование приложения со всем его потенциалом. Команда приложения «Стражи Здоровья», принимая во внимание это предупреждение, не несёт ответственности из-за этого ограничения.	L'utilisation de toutes les fonctionnalités de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » nécessite la disponibilité d'accès à internet par l'utilisateur, par Wifi ou réseau de données. L'absence de cette condition préalable peut limiter l'utilisation de l'application et de tout son potentiel. L'équipe de l’application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », au regard de cet avertissement, n'assume aucune responsabilité découlant de cette limitation.
Esta isenção de responsabilidade aplica-se a todos e quaisquer danos ou prejuízos, incluindo aqueles causados por qualquer falha de desempenho, erro, omissão, interrupção, remoção, defeito, atraso na operação ou transmissão, vírus de computador, falha de linha de comunicação, roubo, destruição ou acesso não autorizado, a alteração ou uso de qualquer bem, seja por violação de contrato, comportamento ilícito, negligência ou qualquer outra causa de ação.	This disclaimer applies to all damages or losses, including those arising from any performance failure, error, omission, interruption, removal, defect, delayed operation or transmission, computer virus, communication failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access, modification or use of any goods, either due to contractual violations, illegal activities, negligence or any other course of action.	Este descargo de responsabilidad se aplica a todos y a cualesquiera daños o perjuicios, incluyendo aquellos causados por cualquier falla de desempeño, error, omisión, interrupción, remoción, defecto, atraso en la operación o transmisión, virus de computadora, falla de línea de comunicación, robo, destrucción o acceso no autorizado, a alteración o uso de cualquier bien, ya sea por violación de contrato, comportamiento ilícito, negligencia o cualquier otra causa de acción.	本免責聲明適用于所有的損害或損失，包括任何性能故障、錯誤、遺漏、中斷、卸載，缺陷、延遲操作或傳輸，電腦病毒、通信故障、盜竊、破壞或未經授權的訪問、修改或者使用任何物品引起的損害或損失，無論是由於合同侵犯、非法活動、疏忽還是任何其他行動。	ينطبق إخلاء المسؤولية هذه على جميع الأضرار أو الخسائر، بما في ذلك تلك الناجمة عن أي فشل في الأداء أو خطأ أو إهمال أو انقطاع أو إزالة أو عيب أو تأخير في العمليات أو الإرسال أو الفيروسات التي تصيب جهاز الكمبيوتر أو فشل في الاتصال أو السرقة أو التدمير أو الوصول غير المصرح أو التعديل أو استخدام أي منتجات، إما بسبب انتهاكات تعاقدية أو أنشطة غير القانونية أو إهمال أو أي مجال عمل آخر.	Этот освобождение от ответственности относится к любой потери или повреждению, в том числе тех, которые вызваны недостатком в работе, упущением, прерыванием, удалением, дефектом, задержкой в работе или передачей данных, компьютерным вирусом, отказом соединения линии связи, кражей, уничтожением или несанкционированным доступом, изменением или использованием какого-либо имущества, будь то нарушение условий контракта, противоправное поведение, небрежности или по какой-либо другой причине.	Cette exemption de responsabilité s'applique à tout dommage ou préjudice, y compris ceux causés par tout défaut d'exécution, erreur, omission, interruption, suppression, défaut, retard dans l'opération ou la transmission, virus informatique, défaut de ligne de communication, vol, destruction ou accès non autorisé, la modification ou l’utilisation de tout bien, que ce soit par rupture de contrat, comportement illicite, négligence ou tout autre motif d'action.
12. RESPONSABILIDADE POR INFORMAÇÕES DE TERCEIROS:	12. LIABILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION:	12. RESPONSABILIDAD POR INFORMACIÓN DE TERCEROS:	12.對協力廠商資訊的責任 ︰	12. المسؤولية عن معلومات الطرف الثالث:	12. Ответственность за Информацию Третьих Лиц:	12. Responsabilité pour les informations de tiers :
A disposição através do Webapp e da aplicação de links e referências para outros sites, publicações ou recursos de informação não constitui o endosso desses sites ou de seus recursos por parte do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, de seus agentes ou representantes. A equipe do aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” não faz representações ou asserções quanto à qualidade, conteúdo e precisão das informações, serviços ou produtos que podem ser fornecidos por esses recursos e, especificamente, se isenta de quaisquer garantias, incluindo, mas não limitando, às garantias implícitas ou expressas de comerciabilidade ou adequação para qualquer utilização particular, aplicação ou finalidade.	The provision of links and references to other websites, publications or sources of information via the Webapp and the application does not entail any endorsement of such websites and sources by the “Guardians of Health” application, its agents or representatives. The “Guardians of Health” application team cannot attest to the quality, content and accuracy of information, services or produced eventually offered in such sources, specifically disclaiming any liability for implicit or express guarantees regarding marketability or adequacy under any private use, application or purpose.	La disposición a través de la Webapp y de la aplicación de links y referencias hacia otros sitios, publicaciones o recursos de información no constituye el respaldo a esos sitios o a sus recursos por parte de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, de sus agentes o representantes. El equipo de la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” no realiza representaciones ni aserciones en cuanto a la calidad, contenido y precisión de la información, servicios o productos que puedan suministrarse por esos recursos y, específicamente, se exenta de cualesquiera garantías, incluyendo, pero sin limitarse a, las garantías implícitas o expresas de comerciabilidad o adecuación para cualquier utilización particular, aplicación o finalidad.	通過 Web 應用程式和該應用程式提供連結和引用到其他網站、出版物或資訊來源，並不意味著"健康衛士"應用程式、其代理或代表傳遞任何權利給此類網站和來源。"健康衛士"應用程式團隊不能證實這類來源最終提供的資訊、服務或產品的質量、內容和準確性，特別免于關於適售性或任何私人使用、應用或目的適當性的暗示或明示擔保的任何責任。	لا يلزم لتوفير روابط وإشارات مرجعية إلى مواقع ويب أخرى أو منشورات أو مصادر للمعلومات عبر Webapp والتطبيق حصول تطبيق "مدير الصحة" أو وكلائه أو ممثليه على أي موافقة رسمية من مواقع الويب والمصادر هذه. لا يستطيع فريق تطبيق "مدير الصحة" إثبات الجودة والمحتوى ودقة المعلومات أو الخدمات أو تلك التي تم إنشاؤها وعرضها مؤخرًا في هذه المصادر، مع تقديم ضمانات عدم تحمل أي مسؤولية على وجه التحديد سواء كانت ضمنية أو صريحة تتعلق بالتسويق أو بالكفاءة ضمن أي استخدام أو تطبيق أو غرض خاص.	Предоставление через Webapp и приложение ссылок и рекомендаций на другие сайты, публикации или информационные ресурсы, не означает одобрения этих сайтов или их ресурсов приложением «Стражи Здоровья», его агентами или представителями. Команда приложения «Стражи Здоровья» не делает никаких заявлений или претензий в отношении качества, содержания и точности информации, товаров или услуг, которые могут быть предоставлены этими ресурсами, и в частности отказывается от каких-либо гарантий, включая, но не ограничивая явных или подразумеваемых гарантий пригодности для продажи или достаточности для любого конкретного использования, применения или цели.	La mise à disposition, sur le Webapp et l'application, de liens et de références d'autres sites, de publications ou de ressources d’informations ne constitue aucunement une recommandation pour ces sites ou leurs ressources de la part de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé », ses agents ou représentants. L'équipe de l'application « Les Gardiens de la Santé » ne fait aucune affirmation ou déclaration quant à la qualité, le contenu et l'exactitude des informations, des services ou des produits qui peuvent être fournis par ces ressources et, plus précisément, s’exempte de toute garantie, incluant, mais ne limitant pas, les garanties implicites ou expresses de commercialisation ou d'adaptation à toute utilisation particulière, application ou finalité.
13. CONSIDERAÇÕES FINAIS	13. FINAL CONSIDERATIONS	13. CONCIDERACIONES FINALES	13.最後考量	13. اعتبارات نهائية	13. Заключительные Аспекты	13. Considérations finales
O acesso ao serviço representa a aceitação expressa e irrestrita dos Termos de Uso acima descritos. Ao concordar com esses termos você concede uma licença perpétua, isenta de royalties, licença incondicional para o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde”, Ministério da Saúde e todas as organizações sucessoras, para publicar a sua contribuição de forma agregada, na própria aplicação, bem como divulgá-las aos serviços de vigilância em saúde pública relacionados. Você também concorda que o aplicativo “Guardiões da Saúde” tem o direito, mas não a obrigação, de editar ou remover qualquer contribuição a critério exclusivo da equipe do aplicativo.	Access to this service entails express and unabridged acceptance of the aforementioned Terms of Use. By agreeing to these terms, you hereby grant a permanent and royalty-free license for the “Guardians of Health” application, the Brazilian Ministry of Health and any eventually successors to publish such contributions in an aggregated manner, within the respective application, as well as disclosing such information to related public health surveillance services. Moreover, you agree that the “Guardians of Health” application is entitled to edit, or delete any of your contributions, at the sole discretion of the application development team.	El acceso al servicio representa la aceptación expresa e irrestricta de los Términos de Uso arriba descritos. Al concordar con estos términos usted concede una licencia perpetua, exenta de royalties, licencia incondicional para la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud”, Ministerio de la Salud y todas las organizaciones sucesoras, para publicar a su contribución de forma agregada, en la propia aplicación, así como divulgarlas a los servicios de vigilancia de salud pública relacionados. Usted también está de acuerdo en que la aplicación “Guardianes de la Salud” tiene el derecho, pero no la obligación, de editar o remover cualquier contribución a criterio exclusivo del equipo de la aplicación.	訪問此服務即構成明示和未刪節地接受上述使用條款。同意這些條款，即表示您特此授予永久的免版稅許可給"健康監護人"應用程式，巴西衛生部和任何最終的後繼者，以統一的方式，在各自的應用中發佈此類內容，并披露此類資訊給相關的公共衛生監測服務機構。您還同意，"健康衛士"應用程式有權編輯或刪除您的任何內容，具體由應用程式開發團隊自行決定。	يستلزم للوصول إلى الخدمة توفر القبول الصريح والكامل لشروط الاستخدام المذكورة سابقًا. بالموافقة على هذه الشروط، فأنت تمنح بموجب هذا ترخيصًا دائمًا وبدون حقوق ملكية لتطبيق "مدير الصحة" وإدارة الصحة البرازيلية وأي جهات وريثة في نهاية المطاف لنشر هذه المساهمات بطريقة مجمعة، داخل التطبيق المعني، بالإضافة إلى الكشف عن هذه المعلومات إلى خدمات مراقبة الصحة العامة ذات الصلة. وعلاوة على ذلك، فأنت توافق على أنه يحق لتطبيق "مدير الصحة" تعديل أي من مساهماتك أو حذفها، بناء على تقدير فريق تطوير التطبيق.	Доступ к услуге является безусловным принятием Условий Использования приведённых выше. Соглашаясь с этими условиями, вы предоставляете бессрочную, безвозмездную и безусловную лицензию приложению «Стражи Здоровья», Министерству Здравоохранения и всех организациям-преемникам, для опубликования предоставленной вами информацией в совокупности, в самом приложении, а также её распространения соответствующим службам надзора в области общественного здравоохранения. Вы также согласны с тем, что приложение «Стражи Здоровья» имеет право, но не обязательство, редактировать или удалять любую информацию по усмотрению команды приложения.	L’accès au service signifie l'acceptation expresse et sans restriction des Conditions d'utilisation décrites ci-dessus. En acceptant ces Conditions, vous concédez une autorisation perpétuelle, exempte de droits d’auteur, autorisation inconditionnelle à l’application «Les Gardiens de la Santé», au Ministère de la santé et à toutes les organisations qui lui succèderaient à publier votre contribution de manière agrégée sur la propre application, ainsi que de la diffuser aux services de surveillance de santé publique concernés. Vous acceptez également que l'application « Les Gardiens de la santé » ait le droit, mais non l'obligation, de modifier ou supprimer toute contribution selon les critères exclusifs de l’équipe rattachée à cette application.
DICAS DE SAÚDE	HEALTH TIPS	CONSEJOS DE SALUD	健康小貼士	نصائح صحية	СОВЕТЫ ДЛЯ ЗДОРОВЬЯ	CONSEILS SANTÉ
DENGUE, ZIKA E CHIKUNGUNYA	DENGUE FEVER, ZIKA AND CHIKUNGUNYA	DENGUE, ZIKA Y CHIKUNGUNYA	登革熱、寨卡和基孔肯亞病。	حمى الضنك وحمى زيكا وحمى شيكونغونيا.	Денге, Зика и Чикунгунья.	Dengue, Zika et Chikungunya
• Os vírus da Dengue, Zika e Chikungunya são transmitidos pelo mosquito Aedes aegypti e apresentam sinais e sintomas parecidos.	• The Dengue fever, Zika and Chikungunya viruses are transmitted by the Aedes aegypti mosquito and cause similar signs and symptoms.	• Los virus de la Dengue, Zika y Chikungunya son transmitidos por el mosquito Aedes aegypti y presentan señales y síntomas parecidos.	• 登革熱、寨卡 和基孔肯亞病毒的傳播途徑是埃及伊蚊，并會引起類似症狀和體征。	• تنتقل فيروسات حمى الضنك وحمى زيكا وحمى شيكونغونيا.بواسطة البعوضة الزاعجة المصرية وتؤدي إلى ظهور علامات وأعراض متشابهة.	• Вирус Денге, Зика и Чикунгунья передаётся комаром Aedes aegypti и имеют схожие признаки и симптомы.	• Les virus de la dengue, chikungunya et Zika sont transmis par le moustique Aedes aegypti et présentent des signes et des symptômes semblables.
• É importante que você procure o serviço de saúde mais próximo, quando apresentar febre, manchas vermelhas pelo corpo, dores no corpo ou dor nas juntas (articulações) ou coceira.	• It is very important to immediately seek out the nearest healthcare service after experiencing fever, red spots on the body, body aches, joint pains or itching.	• Es importante que usted busque al servicio de salud más cercano cuando presente fiebre, manchas rojas por el cuerpo, dolores en el cuerpo o dolor en las articulaciones o comezón.	• 非常重要的是，出現發燒，身體上有紅色斑點，全身酸痛、關節疼痛或瘙癢時立即尋找最近的醫療服務機構。	• من المهم جدًا البحث فورًا عن أقرب خدمة رعاية صحية بعد الإصابة بالحمى وظهور بقع حمراء على الجسم والشعور بأوجاع في الجسم وآلام في المفاصل أو الإصابة بالحكة.	• Обязательно обратитесь в ближайший центр медицинского обслуживания, если у вас лихорадка, красные пятна на теле, боли в теле или суставах или зуд.	• Il est important que vous vous dirigiez vers le service de santé le plus proche si vous avez de la fièvre, des taches rouges sur la corps, des douleurs dans le corps ou aux articulations ou des démangeaisons.
• Procure se informar se no seu bairro ou cidade estão acontecendo casos de Dengue, Zika ou Chikungunya.	• Try to find out whether there are other cases of Dengue fever, Zika or Chikungunya in your neighborhood or city.	• Intente informarse si en su barro o ciudad están presentándose casos de Dengue, Zika o Chikungunya.	• 嘗試在您的街道或城市找出其他登革熱、寨卡或基孔肯亞病例。	• حاول معرفة هل توجد حالات أخرى مصابة بحمى الضنك أو حمى زيكا أو حمى شيكونغونيا في العائلات المجاورة لك أو المدينة التي تقطن بها.	• Узнайте были ли в вашем районе или городе случаи лихорадки Денге, Чикунгунья или Зика.	• Renseignez-vous sur d’éventuels cas de dengue, chikungunya ou Zika dans votre quartier ou ville.
• Se estiver com suspeita de Dengue, Zika ou Chikungunya, tome líquidos em abundância.	• If you suspect you might have Dengue fever, Zika or Chikungunya, drink plenty of fluids.	• Si tiene alguna sospecha de Dengue, Zika o Chikungunya, tome líquidos en abundancia.	• 如果您懷疑自己可能感染登革熱、寨卡或基孔肯亞熱，則飲用大量的液體。	• إذا كنت تشتبه في إصابتك بحمى الضنك او حمى زيكا أو حمى شيكونغونيا، فتناول كمية وفيرة من السوائل.	• Если вы заподозрили что у вас лихорадка Денге, Чикунгунья или Зика, принимайте количество жидкости.	• Si vous soupçonnez d’avoir la dengue, le Zika ou le Chikungunya, buvez abondement.
• A principal medida de prevenção é evitar a reprodução dos mosquitos Aedes aegypti, transmissores das três doenças.	• The main preventive measure is to prevent Aedes aegypti mosquitoes from breeding, since these mosquitoes transmit all three diseases.	• La principal medida de prevención es evitar la reproducción de los mosquitos Aedes aegypti, transmisores de las tres enfermedades.	• 主要預防措施是防止埃及伊蚊繁殖，因為這些蚊子傳播所有三種疾病。	• يتمثل الإجراء الوقائي الرئيسي في منع البعوضة الزاعجة المصرية من التكاثر، حيث ينقل هذا البعوض الأمراض الثلاثة كلها.	• Основной профилактической мерой является предотвращение размножения комаров Aedes aegypti, передатчиков этих трех заболеваний.	• La principale mesure de prévention consiste à éviter la reproduction des moustiques Aedes aegypti, transmetteurs des trois maladies.
• Os repelentes para uso sobre a pele podem ser utilizados por gestantes, desde que estejam devidamente registrados na ANVISA e que sejam seguidas as instruções de uso descritas no rótulo. Produtos à base de DEET, Icaridin (Picaridin), EBAAP (IR3535) são considerados seguros para serem utilizados por gestantes.	• Pregnant women may only use skin insect repellents certified by ANVISA and only as instructed in the respective product label. Pregnant women can safely use DEET, Icaridin (Picaridin), and EBAAP (IR3535) products.	• Los repelentes para uso sobre la piel pueden ser utilizados por gestantes, siempre que estén debidamente registrados en ANVISA y que se sigan las instrucciones de uso descritas en el rótulo. Los productos a base de DEET, Icaridin (Picaridin), EBAAP (IR3535) son considerados seguros para ser utilizados por gestantes.	• 孕婦只能使用由 ANVISA 核證的皮膚昆蟲驅蟲劑並只遵循各自產品標籤的指示。孕婦可以安全地使用避蚊胺、埃卡瑞丁 （驅蟲劑） 和 EBAAP (IR3535) 產品。	• يجوز للنساء الحوامل استخدام مواد طاردة للحشرات فقط توضع على الجلد وتكون معتمدة من قبل وكالة المراقبة الصحية الوطنية البرازيلية (ANVISA) فضلاً عن أنها تستخدم وفقًا للتعليمات الواردة في ملصق التسمية المرفق مع المنتج. يمكن أن تستخدم النساء الحوامل المنتجات التي تحتوي على DEET والإيكاريدين (بيكاريدين) وEBAAP ‏(IR3535) بأمان.	• Репелленты для кожи можно использовать беременным женщинам, при условии, что они надлежащим образом зарегистрированы в ANVISA, а также, при соблюдении всех инструкций по использованию на этикетке. Продукты на основе DEET, Icaridin (Picaridin), EBAAP (IR3535), считаются безопасными для использования беременными женщинами.	• Les répulsifs anti-moustiques pour la peau peuvent être utilisés par les femmes enceintes, à condition qu'ils aient l’accréditation ANVISA et que les instructions d'utilisation décrites sur l'étiquette soient respectées. Les produits à base de DEET, Acaridine (Picaridine), EBAAP (IR3535) sont considérés comme sûrs pour les femmes enceintes.
• Produtos à base DEET não devem ser usados em crianças menores de 2 anos. Em crianças entre 2 e 12 anos, a concentração dever ser no máximo 10% e a aplicação deve se restringir a 3 vezes por dia. Para maiores de 12 anos, são permitidas as concentrações superiores a 10%.	• Children under the age of 2 shall not use DEET-based products. Concentration must not exceed 10% and products must not be applied more than three times a day in children between the ages of 2 and 12. Concentrations higher than 10% are permitted for children over the age of 12.	• Los productos a base DEET no deben ser usados en niños menores de 2 años. En niños entre 2 y 12 años, la concentración debe ser de máximo 10% y la aplicación restringirse a 3 veces por día. Para mayores de 12 años se permiten las concentraciones superiores a 10%.	• 2 歲以下兒童不能使用避蚊胺類產品。濃度不得超過 10%，年齡在 2 至 12 歲的兒童每天不得使用產品超過三次。12 歲以上的兒童允許濃度高於 10%。	• يُحظر استخدام المنتجات التي يدخل في تكوينها مادة DEET للأطفال دون سن العامين. يجب عدم تجاوز مستوى التركيز لنسبة 10% كما يجب عدم استخدام المستحضرات أكثر من ثلاث مرات يوميًا في الأطفال الذين تتراوح أعمارهم بين العامين و12 عامًا. مستوى التركيز الأكبر من نسبة 10% مسموح به للأطفال الذين تزيد أعمارهم عن 12 عامًا.	• Продукты на основе DEET не должны использоваться детьми в возрасте до 2-х лет. Используемая концентрация для детей в возрасте от 2 до 12 лет, не должна превышать 10%, а нанесение должно быть ограничено до 3-х раз в день. Пациенты старше 12 лет, используемая концентрация может быть выше 10%.	• Les produits à base de DEET ne doivent pas être utilisés chez les enfants âgés de moins de 2 ans. Chez les enfants âgés de 2 à 12 ans, la concentration doit être de 10 % maximum et l’application doit être limitée à 3 fois par jour. Pour les plus de 12 ans, une concentration supérieure à 10 % est permise.
• Os repelentes de ambiente, como aqueles de parede (aparelhos elétricos) ou espirais não devem ser utilizados em locais com pouca ventilação nem na presença de pessoas asmáticas ou com alergias respiratórias. Estes podem ser utilizados em qualquer ambiente da casa, desde que estejam, no mínimo, a dois metros de distância das pessoas.	• Room repellents, such as electric repellents or spirals shall not be used in poorly-ventilated areas or in the presence of people with asthma or respiratory allergies. Such repellents can be used in any room, provided that they are placed at least two meters away from people.	• Los repelentes de ambiente, como aquellos de pared (aparatos eléctricos) o espirales no deben ser utilizados en lugares con poca ventilación ni bajo la presencia de personas asmáticas o con alergias respiratorias. Estos pueden ser utilizados en cualquier ambiente de casa, siempre que estén, como mínimo, a dos metros de distancia de las personas.	• 室內驅蟲劑，如電驅蟲劑或螺旋劑不得使用在空氣流通欠佳或有哮喘或呼吸道過敏患者的區域。只要放置在離人至少兩米以外的地方，這種驅蟲劑可以用在任何房間裡。	• يجب عدم استخدام الأدوات الطاردة في الغرف، مثل الأجهزة الطاردة الكهربائية أو الأشرطة الحلزونية، في مساحات رديئة التهوية أو في وجود أشخاص يعانون من الربو أو الحساسية في الجهاز التنفسي. يمكن استخدام هذه الأدوات الطاردة في أي غرفة، شريطة أن يتم وضعها بعيدًا على الأشخاص بمقدار مترين على أقل تقدير.	• Репелленты для помещений, как например для стен (электроприборы) или в виде спиралей не должны использоваться в местах с плохой вентиляцией или в присутствии людей, страдающих астмой или дыхательной аллергией. Они могут быть использованы в любой комнате в доме, при условии, что они находятся, по крайней мере в двух метрах от людей.	• Les systèmes anti-moustiques, comme ceux qui se fixent aux murs (appareils électriques) ou les spirales ne doivent pas être utilisés dans des endroits avec une ventilation insuffisante ou en présence de personnes souffrant d'asthme ou d'allergies respiratoires. Ceux-ci peuvent être utilisés dans n'importe quelle pièce de la maison, à condition qu'elles soient placés à au moins deux mètres de distance des personnes.
DENGUE	DENGUE FEVER	DENGUE	登革熱	حمى الضنك	Лихорадка Денге	La dengue
• A Dengue é a doença mais comum entre as três, já sendo bem conhecida pela população brasileira.	• Dengue fever is the most common of these three diseases, with which the Brazilian population is already familiarized.	• El dengue es la enfermedad más común entre las tres, siendo bien conocida por la población brasileña.	• 登革熱是這三種中最常見的疾病，巴西的人已經熟悉。	• تعد حمى الضنك المرض الأكثر شيوعًا من بين هذه الأمراض الثلاثة، وأصبحت الإصابة به من الأمور الشائعة عند السكان البرازيليين.	• Лихорадка Денге из трёх названных является наиболее распространенным заболеванием, которая уже хорошо известна бразильскому населению.	• La dengue est la maladie la plus répandue des trois et est déjà bien connue de la population brésilienne.
• Não usar medicamentos à base de ácido acetilsalicílico (ex.: AAS, Aspirina entre outros) e nem anti-inflamatórios, em função do risco aumentado de complicações hemorrágicas (sangramento) no caso de doenças como a Dengue.	• Never take acetylsalicylic acid drugs (e.g. ASA, Aspirin, etc.) or anti-inflammatory drugs. These drugs could increase the risk of hemorrhage complications (bleeding) in case of diseases such as Dengue fever.	• No usar medicamentos a base de ácido acetilsalicílico (ej.: AAS, Aspirina entre otros) y ni antiinflamatorios, debido al incremento en el riesgo de complicaciones hemorrágicas (sangrado) en el caso de enfermedades como el dengue.	• 切勿服用乙醯水楊酸藥物 (如 ASA、阿司匹林等）或消炎藥。如果是發生登革熱等疾病，這些藥物會增加出血併發症（出血）的風險。	• تجنب تناول أدوية تحتوي على حمض الأسيتيل ساليسيليك (على سيل المثال (حمض الأمينوساليسيليت، الأسبرين، الخ) أو أي أدوية مضادة للالتهابات. يمكن أن تزيد هذه الأدوية من خطر الإصابة بمضاعفات نزفية (نزيف) في حالة الإصابة بحمى الضنك.	• Не используйте препараты на основе ацетилсалициловой кислоты (например.: АСК, Аспирин и другие), а также противовоспалительные средства, в связи с повышенным риском развития геморрагических осложнений (кровотечение) в случае таких заболеваний, как лихорадка Денге.	• N'utilisez pas de médicaments à base d'acide acétylsalicylique (par exemple : AAS, aspirine entre autres) ni des anti-inflammatoires, à cause d’un risque accru de complications hémorragiques (saignement) dans le cas de maladies telles que la dengue.
• Atenção para sinais que podem indicar agravamento da Dengue: falta de ar, tontura, dores abdominais ou sangramentos.	• Look out for signs that may indicate Dengue fever complications: shortness of breath, dizziness, abdominal pains or bleeding.	• Esté atento a señales que puedan indicar agravamiento del Dengue: falta de aire, mareo, dolores abdominales o sangrados.	• 留意登革熱併發症的跡象︰呼吸急促、頭暈、腹痛或出血。	• انتبه إلى العلامات التي قد تشير إلى مضاعفات الإصابة بحمى الضنك: ضيق في التنفس أو نعاس أو آلام في البطن أو نزيف.	• Обратите внимание на признаки, которые могут указывать на ухудшение Денге: нехватка воздуха, головокружение, боли в животе, или кровотечение.	• Attention aux signes qui peuvent indiquer une aggravation de la dengue : essoufflement, vertiges, douleurs abdominales ou saignements.
• Ao apresentar qualquer sinal ou sintoma de Dengue, procure um serviço de saúde imediatamente.	• Immediately seek out medical assistance after experiencing any sign or symptom of Dengue fever.	• Al presentar cualquier señal o síntoma de Dengue, busque un servicio de salud inmediatamente.	• 在出現登革熱的的任何跡象或徵兆後，立即尋求醫療援助。	• ابحث فورًا عن مساعدة طبية متوفرة بعد ظهور أي علامة أو عرض يدل على الإصابة بحمى الضنك.	• При появлении каких-либо признаков или симптомов лихорадки Денге, обратитесь за медицинской помощью немедленно.	• Si vous présentez des signes ou symptômes de dengue, dirigez-vous immédiatement vers un service de santé.
CHIKUNGUNYA	Chikungunya	Chikungunya	基孔肯亞	حمى شيكونغونيا	Лихорадка Чикунгунья	Le chikungunya
• Os primeiros casos de infecção pelo Chikungunya ocorreram em 2014.	• The first recorded cases of infection by Chikungunya in Brazil occurred in 2014.	• Los primeros casos de infección por Chikungunya se presentaron en 2014.	• 基孔肯亞感染的第一次記錄在案的病例發生在 2014 年。	• ظهرت الحالات الأولى المسجلة بالإصابة بعدوى شيكونغونيا في عام 2014.	• Первые случаи инфицирования лихорадкой Чикунгунья были зарегистрированы в 2014 году.	• Les premiers cas d'infections par le chikungunya ont eu lieu en 2014.
• Ao apresentar qualquer sinal ou sintoma de Chikungunya, procure um serviço de saúde imediatamente.	• Immediately seek out medical assistance after experiencing any sign or symptom of Chikungunya.	• Al presentar cualquier señal o síntoma de Chikungunya, busque un servicio de salud inmediatamente.	• 在出現基孔肯亞的任何跡象或徵兆後，立即尋求醫療援助。	• ابحث فورًا عن مساعدة طبية متوفرة بعد ظهور أي علامة أو عرض يدل على الإصابة بحمى شيكونغونيا.	• При предъявлении каких-либо признаков или симптомов лихорадки Чикунгунья, обратитесь за медицинской помощью немедленно.	• Si vous présentez des signes ou symptômes de chikungunya, dirigez-vous immédiatement vers un service de santé.
ZIKA	ZIKA	ZIKA	寨卡	حمى زيكا	Лихорадка Зика	Zika
• Os primeiros casos de infecção pelo vírus Zika ocorreram em fevereiro de 2015.	• The first recorded cases of infection by Zika virus in Brazil occurred in 2015.	• Los primeros casos de infección por el virus Zika ocurrieron en febrero de 2015.	• 由 寨卡 病毒感染的第一次記錄在案的病例發生在 2015 年。	• ظهرت الحالات الأولى المسجلة بالإصابة بعدوى فيروس زيكا في عام 2015.	• Первые случаи инфицирования вирусом Зика были зарегистрированы в феврале 2015 года.	• Les premiers cas d'infections par le virus Zika ont eu lieu en février 2015.
• No caso da infecção pelo vírus Zika, a maior parte das pessoas (mais de 80%) não apresenta sinais e sintomas.	• Most people infected with the Zika virus (more than 80%) never show any signs or symptoms.	• En el caso de la infección por el virus Zika, la mayor parte de las personas (más de 80%) no presenta señales ni síntomas.	• 感染寨卡病毒的大多數（超過 80%）人永遠不會顯示任何跡象或症狀。	• لا تظهر على معظم الأشخاص المصابين بفيروس زيكا (أكثر من 80% منهم) أي علامات أو أعراض متعلقة بالمرض.	• В случае вирусной инфекции Зика, большинство людей (более 80%), не имеют признаков и симптомов.	• En cas d'infection par le virus Zika, la plupart des personnes (plus de 80 %) ne présente pas de signes ni de symptômes.
• As complicações causadas pela infecção pelo vírus Zika são pouco conhecidas. Manifestações neurológicas (paralisia facial, fraqueza nas pernas e Síndrome de Guillain-Barré), raramente, podem ocorrer alguns dias depois do quadro agudo. A infecção durante a gestação pode levar a malformações congênitas graves, em especial a microcefalia.	• Very little is known about the complications caused by Zika virus infections. Some neurological symptoms (facial palsy, weakness in legs and Guillain-Barré Syndrome) seldom occur a few days after the acute infection stage. Infection during pregnancy may lead to severe congenital malformations, particularly microcephaly.	• Las complicaciones causadas por la infección por el virus Zika son poco conocidas. Manifestaciones neurológicas (parálisis facial, debilidad en las piernas y Síndrome de Guillain-Barré), raramente, pueden ocurrir algunos días después del cuadro agudo. La infección durante la gestación puede generar malformaciones congénitas graves, en especial microcefalia.	• 我們關於寨卡病毒感染所致的併發症所知甚少。在急性感染階段的幾天後，某些神經症狀（面神經麻痹，兩腿無力和格林-巴厘綜合征）很少發生。在懷孕期間感染可能會導致嚴重的先天畸形，特別是小頭畸形。	• تعرض عدد قليل للغاية لمضاعفات تسببت بها عدوى فيروس زيكا. نادرًا ما تظهر بعض الأعراض العصبية (شلل الوجه وضعف في الأرجل ومتلازمة غيلان باريه (التهاب حاد في الأعصاب))بعد مرور أيام قليلة من مرحلة العدوى الحادة. قد تؤدي الإصابة بالعدوى أثناء الحمل إلى حدوث تشوهات خلقية جديدة، لا سيما صغر الرأس.	• Осложнения, вызванные инфекцией вируса Зика мало неизвестны. Неврологические проявления (паралич лицевого нерва, слабость в ногах и Синдром Гийена-Барре), редко, могут проявиться через несколько дней после обострения. Инфекция во время беременности может привести к серьезным врожденным дефектам, особенно микроцефалия.	• Les complications causées par l'infection du virus Zika sont mal connues. Des manifestations neurologiques (paralysie faciale, faiblesse dans les jambes et syndrome de Guillain-Barré) peuvent, dans de rares cas, apparaitre après la phase aigüe. L’infection pendant la grossesse peut entraîner des malformations congénitales graves, en particulier la microcéphalie.
• Não existe tratamento específico para a infecção pelo vírus Zika.	• There is no specific treatment available for infections by Zika virus.	• No existe tratamiento específico para la infección por el virus Zika.	• 寨卡病毒感染尚無特效治療方法。	• لا يتوفر علاجًا محددًا للعدوى بفيروس زيكا.	• Нет никакого специального лечения для инфекции вируса Зика.	• Il n'y a pas de traitement spécifique pour l'infection par le virus Zika.
• Ao apresentar qualquer sinal ou sintoma de Zika, procure um serviço de saúde imediatamente.	• Immediately seek out medical assistance after experiencing any sign or symptom of Zika virus infection.	• Al presentar cualquier señal o síntoma de del Zika, busque a un servicio de salud inmediatamente.	• 在出現寨卡病毒感染的任何跡象或徵兆後，立即尋求醫療援助。	• ابحث فورًا عن مساعدة طبية متوفرة بعد ظهور أي علامة أو عرض يدل على الإصابة بعدوى فيروس زيكا.	• При проявлении каких-либо признаков или симптомов Зика, обратитесь за медицинской помощью немедленно.	• Si vous présentez des signes ou symptômes de Zika, dirigez-vous immédiatement vers un service de santé.
COMBATA O MOSQUITO PERIODICAMENTE:	MAKE SURE YOU KEEP THE MOSQUITOES AWAY:	COMBATA AL MOSQUITO PERIÓDICAMENTE:	請確保遠離蚊子 ︰	تأكد من البقاء بعيدًا عن البعوض:	Боритесь с комарами периодически:	Lutter contre le moustique régulièrement :
• Mantenha bem tampados tonéis e barris de água.	• Always keep water barrels and vessels properly sealed.	• Mantenga bien tapados toneles y barriles de agua.	• 始終保持水桶和容器妥善密封。	• احرص على أن تكون براميل وأواني المياه محكمة الغلق دائمًا.	• Хранить хорошо закрытыми ёмкости и бочки с водой.	• Stockez les futs et les jerricans d’eau bien bouchés
• Lave semanalmente por dentro com escova e sabão os tanques utilizados para armazenar água.	• Wash the inside of water tanks with soap and brush at least once a week.	• Lave semanalmente por dentro con cepillo y jabón los tanques utilizados para almacenar agua.	• 每週至少一次用肥皂和刷子洗水箱。	• اغسل الجزء الداخلي من خزانات المياه بالصابون والفرشاة مرة واحدة في الأسبوع على أقل تقدير.	• Еженедельно промывайте внутри с щеткой и мылом цистерны, используемые для хранения воды.	• Chaque semaine, lavez l’intérieur des réservoirs de stockage d’eau avec de l’eau et du savon.
• Mantenha a caixa-d’água bem fechada. Coloque também uma tela no ladrão da caixa-d’água.	• Always keep water tanks properly sealed. Also place a screen in the water tank overflow pipe.	• Mantenga la caja de agua bien cerrada. Coloque también un cedazo fino en el tubo de escape de líquido excedente de la caja de agua.	• 始終保持水箱密封良好。此外將篩網放在水箱溢流管中。	• احرص على أن تكون خزانات المياه محكمة الغلق دائمًا. ضع أيضًا مصفاة في أنبوب التدفق العلوي في خزان المياه.	• Водяной бак плотно закрывайте крышкой. Также установите защитный экран на водосливе водяного бака.	• Maintenez le réservoir d’eau bien fermé. Mettre également une toile sur le trop-plein du réservoir d’eau.
• Remova folhas, galhos e tudo que possa impedir a água de correr pelas calhas.	• Remove leaves, twigs and anything else that may obstruct water passage through gutters and chutes.	• Remueva hojas, ramas y todo lo que pueda impedir que el agua de circule por las canaletas.	• 篩掉樹葉、樹枝和其他任何可能阻礙水通過排水溝和槽的通道。	• أزل أوراق وأغصان الأشجار وأي شيء آخر قد يعيق مرور المياه عبر القنوات والمجاري المائية.	• Удалите листья, веточки и все, что может предотвратить движение воды по водосточным желобам.	• Enlever les feuilles, les brindilles et tout ce qui peut empêcher l'eau de couler dans les gouttières.
• Não deixe água acumulada sobre a laje.	• Never let water accumulate in rooftops.	• No deje agua acumulada sobre la losa.	• 切勿讓水積聚在屋頂上。	• لا تسمح بتراكم المياه على أسطح المنازل.	• Не давайте воде скапливаться.	• Ne laissez pas l'eau s’accumuler sur la dalle.
• Encha os pratinhos de vasos de plantas com areia até a borda.	• Fill plant saucers with sand until the edge.	• Rellene los platos de las macetas de plantas con arena hasta el borde.	• 在花盆中裝滿沙子直到邊緣。	• املأ أوعية النباتات بالرمال إلى أن تصل إلى حافتها.	• Заполните песком маленькие тарелочки горшочков до краёв.	• Remplissez de sable, et jusqu’au bord, les soucoupes des pots pour plantes.
• Outra opção para os pratinhos de plantas é lavar uma vez por semana.	• Alternatively, wash plant saucers at least once a week.	• Otra opción para los platos de plantas es lavarlos una vez por semana.	• 另外，每週至少洗一次花盆。	• او اغسل أوعية النباتات مرة واحدة في الأسبوع على أقل تقدير.	• Еще один вариант для тарелочек горшков для цветов - мыть один раз в неделю.	• L’autre option pour les soucoupes des pots pour plantes consiste à les laver une fois par semaine.
• Troque a água dos vasos de plantas aquáticas e lave-os com escova, água e sabão uma vez por semana.	• Change the water in aquatic plant pots and wash them with water, soap and brush at least once a week.	• Cambie el agua de las macetas de plantas acuáticas y lávelos con cepillo, agua y jabón una vez por semana.	• 更換水生植物盆裡的水并用水、肥皂和刷子每週至少洗一次。	• غيّر الماء الموجود في أوعية النباتات المائية واغسلها بالماء والصابون والفرشاة مرة واحدة في الأسبوع على أقل تقدير.	• Меняйте воду в горшках водных растений и промывайте их щеткой и мылом один раз в неделю.	• Changez l'eau des pots de plantes aquatiques et lavez-les une fois par semaine avec une brosse, de l'eau et du savon.
• Coloque o lixo em sacos plásticos e mantenha a lixeira bem fechada.	• Put the trash in plastic bags and keep the trash can properly sealed.	• Coloque la basura en bolsas plásticas y mantenga la basura bien cerrada.	• 把垃圾放在塑膠袋中并保持垃圾桶妥善密封。	• ضع القمامة في أكياس بلاستيكية واحرص على أن يكون صندوق القمامة محكم الغلق.	• Поместите мусор в полиэтиленовые пакеты и держите его плотно закрытым.	• Mettez les ordures dans des sacs en plastique et garder la poubelle bien fermée.
• Feche bem os sacos de lixo e deixe-os fora do alcance de animais.	• Make sure all trash bags are properly closed and left out of the reach of animals.	• Cierre bien las bolsas de basura y déjelas fuera del alcance de los animales.	• 確保所有的垃圾袋都正確封閉并遠離寵物。	• تأكد من غلق جميع أكياس القمامة غلقًا محكمًا واجعلها بعيدة عن متناول الحيوانات.	• Плотно закрывайте мешки для мусора и оставляйте их в недоступном для животных месте.	• Fermez bien les sacs à ordures et gardez-les hors de portée des animaux.
• Mantenha as garrafas com a boca virada para baixo, evitando o acúmulo de água.	• Always store empty bottles facing down to avoid any water accumulation.	• Mantenga las botellas con la boca volteada hacia abajo, evitando la acumulación de agua.	• 保持將空瓶朝下存儲，避免任何積水。	• خزّن أيضًا الزجاجات الفارغة مع توجيه فوهتها لأسفل لتفادي أي تراكم للمياه.	• Храните бутылки горлышком вниз, предотвращая накопление воды.	• Stockez les bouteilles goulot vers le bas, empêchant ainsi l'accumulation d'eau.
• Pneus devem ser acondicionados em locais cobertos.	• Tires must always be stored in sheltered locations.	• Los neumáticos deben ser acondicionados en lugares cubiertos.	• 輪胎必須保持存儲在有遮蔽的地方。	• يجب أيضًا تخزين الإطارات في أماكن محمية.	• Шины должны храниться в закрытых местах.	• Les pneus doivent être stockés dans des endroits couverts.
• Faça sempre a manutenção de piscinas ou fontes utilizando os produtos químicos apropriados.	• Make sure swimming pools and water fountains are regularly cleaned with proper chemical products.	• Siempre realice el mantenimiento de piscinas o fuentes utilizando los productos químicos apropiados.	• 請確保游泳池和噴泉定期用適當的化學產品清潔。	• تأكد من تنظيف حمامات السباحة ونافورات المياه تنظيفًا منتظمًا باستخدام المنتجات الكيميائية المناسبة.	• Всегда поддерживайте обслуживание бассейнов и фонтанов с использованием соответствующих химических веществ.	• Effectuez toujours l’entretien des piscines ou des fontaines en utilisant des produits chimiques appropriés.
• Se o ralo não for de abrir e fechar, coloque uma tela fina para impedir o acesso do mosquito à água.	• Place a screen over open drains to prevent the mosquito from accessing the water.	• Si el desagüe no es de abrir y cerrar, colocar un cedazo fino para evitar el acceso del mosquito al agua.	• 將篩網放在開放的排水渠中，以防止蚊子接觸到水。	• ضع مصفاة أعلى مواسير الصرف المفتوحة لمنع وصول البعوضة إلى المياه.	• Если дренажные решётки не открываются и закрываются, закройте их тонким покрытием, чтобы предотвратить доступ комара к воде.	• Si vous ne possédez pas d’évacuation qui s’ouvre et se ferme, mettez une toile fine pour empêcher les moustiques d’accéder à l’eau.
• Coloque areia dentro de todos os cacos que possam acumular água.	• Put sand in all recipients that may accumulate water.	• Coloque arena dentro de todos los espacios que puedan acumular agua.	• 把沙子放在可能積水的所有容器中。	• ضع رمال في جميع الأواني التي يمكن أن تتراكم فيها المياه.	• Поместите песок во все полые предметы, где может собираться вода.	• Mettre du sable dans les débris qui peuvent accumuler de l'eau.
• Não deixe água acumulada em folhas secas e tampas de garrafas.	• Never let water accumulate in fallen leaves and bottle caps.	• No deje agua acumulada en hojas secas y tapas de botellas.	• 切勿讓水積聚在落葉和瓶蓋中。	• لا تسمح بتراكم المياه على الأوراق المتساقطة وأغطية الزجاجات.	• Не давайте собраться воде в сухих листьях и пробках от бутылок.	• Ne laissez pas l’eau s’accumuler sur les feuilles sèches et les bouchons de bouteilles.
• Os vasos sanitários fora de uso ou de uso eventual devem ser tampados e verificados semanalmente.	• Toilets that are not used or only occasionally used must be covered and checked once a week.	• Los inodoros fuera de uso o de uso eventual deben taparse y verificarse semanalmente.	• 不使用或只是偶爾使用廁所時必須覆蓋且每周檢查一次。	• يجب تغطية دورات المياه غير المستخدمة أو المستخدمة فقط بين الحين والآخر وفحصها مرة واحدة في الأسبوع.	• Не используемые унитазы, или те, которые используются мало, нужно держать закрытыми и еженедельно проверяться.	• Rabattez et vérifiez chaque semaine l’abattant de la cuvette des toilettes hors d’usages ou peu utilisées.
• Limpe sempre a bandeja do ar-condicionado para evitar o acúmulo de água.	• Always clean air conditioner trays to prevent water accumulation.	• Limpie siempre la bandeja del aire acondicionado para evitar la acumulación de agua.	• 保持清潔空調託盤以防積水。	• احرص دائمًا على تنظيف أدراج مكيف الهواء لمنع تراكم المياه.	• Всегда мойте поддон в аппарате кондиционирования воздуха, чтобы предотвратить накопление воды.	• Nettoyez toujours le plateau du climatiseur pour éviter l'accumulation d'eau.
• Lonas usadas para cobrir objetos ou entulhos devem ser bem esticadas para evitar poças-d’água.	• Tarpaulins used to cover objects or debris must be flush and stretched to avoid any water puddles.	• Las lonas usadas para cubrir objetos o desechos deben estar bien extendidas para evitar charcos de agua.	• 用於覆蓋物件或碎片的篷布必須沖洗和拉伸以避免任何水坑。	• يجب أن يكون القماش العازل للماء المستخدم في تغطية الأجسام والفضلات مستويًا ومنبسط لتفادي تكوين برك المياه الصغيرة.	• Брезент, используемый для накрытия предметов или строительного мусора, должен быть правильно натянут, чтобы избежать скоплений воды.	• Les bâches utilisées pour couvrir des objets ou des gravas doivent être bien étirées pour éviter que l'eau s’y accumule.
Para dúvidas referentes à Dengue, Zika e Chikungunya, favor ligar para o Disque Saúde, por meio do número 136 e digitar a opção 3.	In case of doubts or questions regarding Dengue fever, Zika and Chikungunya, contact the Health Hotline (136) and select option 3.	Si tiene dudas referentes al Dengue, Zika y Chikungunya, por favor llame a Disque Salud, mediante el número 136 y digite la opción 3.	如有關于登革熱、寨卡和基孔肯亞的任何疑問或問題，請聯繫健康熱線 (136) 並選擇選項 3。	في حالة وجود شكوك أو أسئلة متعلقة بحمى الضنك أو حمى زيكا أو حمى شيكونغونيا، فلا تترد في الاتصال بالخط الساخن المخصص لوزارة الصحة (136) وحدد الخيار 3.	Если у вас возникли вопросы связанные с лихорадкой Денге, Зика и Чикунгунья, пожалуйста, позвоните по телефону горячей линии Здоровья, по номеру 136, опция 3.	Pour toute question concernant la dengue, le chikungunya et le Zika,veuillez appeler le Numéro santé en composant le 136 option 3.
VACINAS	VACCINES	VACUNAS	疫苗	اللقاحات	Прививки	Vaccins
• A Organização Mundial da Saúde (OMS) informa que não há calendário internacional de vacinação para todos os viajantes. Para cada viajante, será adotada recomendação personalizada, de acordo com os países a serem visitados, dependendo do tipo, duração e tempo disponível para aplicação da vacina antes da partida.	• According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no international traveler vaccination calendar available. Specific recommendations are provided to each traveler, based on the respective countries of destiny, depending on the type, duration and time available to receive vaccines before departure.	• La Organización Mundial de la Salud (OMS) informa que no existe calendario internacional de vacunación para todos los viajeros. Para cada viajero, será adoptada una recomendación personalizada, de acuerdo con los países a ser visitados, dependiendo del tipo, duración y tiempo disponible para la aplicación de la vacuna antes de la partida.	• 據世界衛生組織 (WHO) 稱，沒有可用的國際旅行預防接種日曆。基于各個目的地國家，按照類型、持續時間和出發前可用於接收疫苗的時間，向每個旅行者提供自訂建議。	• وفقًا لمنظمة الصحة العالمية (WHO)، لا تتوفر مواعيد مخصصة للتطعيمات التي يحتاجها المسافر في الرحلات الدولية. تقدم توصيات مخصصة لكل مسافر، على أساس البلدان ذات الكثافة السكانية، واستنادًا إلى النوع والفترة الزمنية والوقت المتاح للحصول على اللقاحات قبل المغادرة.	• Всемирная Организация Здравоохранения (ВОЗ) сообщает, что не существует международного календаря прививок для всех путешественников. Каждому путешественнику, будет сделана персонализированная рекомендация, в соответствии с посещаемой страной, в зависимости от типа, продолжительности и наличии времени для принятия прививки перед вылетом.	• L’Organisation mondial de la santé (OMS) signale qu'il n'y a pas de calendrier international de vaccination pour tous les voyageurs. Pour chaque voyageur, une recommandation personnalisée sera adoptée, en fonction du pays visité, du type et de la durée du séjour, ainsi que du temps disponible pour faire le vaccin avant le départ.
• O Brasil não exige o Certificado Internacional de Vacinação ou Profilaxia para entrada no país.	• Brazil does not require visitors to have an International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis in order to enter the country.	• Brasil no exige el Certificado Internacional de Vacunación o Profilaxis para la entrada al país.	• 巴西並不要求旅客必須有國際預防接種證書或預防措施才能進入該國。	• لا تلزم البرازيل زائريها بالحصول على شهادة التطعيم الدولية أو شهادة المعالجة الوقائية لدخول أراضيها.	• Бразилия не требует Международного Сертификата о Прививках или Профилактике для въезда в страну.	• Le Brésil n’exige pas le Certificat international de vaccination ou Prophylaxie pour l'entrée dans le pays.
• Certifique-se de que suas vacinas de rotina estejam em dia, de acordo com as recomendações de seu país de origem, pois é uma medida eficaz e segura para a prevenção de várias doenças.	• Make sure you have taken all of your routine vaccines, as recommended by your country of origin, since this is an effective measure to prevent several diseases.	• Asegúrese de que sus vacunas de rutina estén al día, de acuerdo con las recomendaciones de su país de origen, ya que es una medida eficaz y segura para la prevención de varias enfermedades.	• 確保您已經接受貴國建議的所有常規疫苗接種，因為這是防止多種疾病的有效措施。	• تأكد من حصولك على جميع اللقاحات الروتينية، على النحو الذي توصى به بلدك الأصلية، حيث يعد هذا إجراءً وقائيًا للوقاية من العديد من الأمراض.	• Убедитесь, что у вас сделаны все обычные прививки, в соответствии с рекомендациями вашей страны происхождения, так как это является безопасным и эффективным средством для профилактики различных заболеваний.	• Assurez-vous que vos vaccins de routine sont à jour, conformément aux recommandations de votre pays d'origine, car il s’agit d’une mesure de sécurité sure et efficace pour la prévention de diverses maladies.
• Devido à circulação do sarampo na Europa, África e Ásia recomenda-se que pessoas com origem ou destino a países com ocorrência dessa doença sejam vacinados previamente.	• Due to a recent measles outbreak in Europe, Africa and Asia, it is recommended for individuals traveling to/from these continents to take the respective vaccine prior to any trip.	• Debido a la circulación de sarampión en Europa, África y Asia se recomienda que las personas con origen de o destino a países con ocurrencia de esta enfermedad sean vacunadas previamente.	• 由於最近麻疹在歐洲、非洲和亞洲爆發，建議去/來自這些大陸的個人在任何一次旅行前接受相應的疫苗接種。	• بسب الحصبة التي اجتاحت أوروبا وأفريقيا وآسيا، يُنصح الأفراد المسافرون من هذه القارات وإليها بأخذ اللقاح قبل القيام بأي رحلة.	• Из-за существования кори в Европе, Африке и Азии рекомендуется, чтобы люди путешествующие из или в страны где наблюдается это заболевание, были бы предварительно привиты.	• En raison de la circulation de la rougeole en Europe, Afrique et Asie, il est recommandé que les personnes en provenance ou à destination de pays touchés par cette maladie soient vaccinées avant leur départ.
• A preparação para a viagem é uma boa oportunidade para verificar o estado vacinal de bebês, crianças, adolescentes, adultos e idosos.	• Preparing for trips is a great opportunity to check the vaccine status of infants, children, adolescents, adults and elderly.	• La preparación para el viaje representa una buena oportunidad para verificar el estado de las vacunas de los bebés, niños, adolescentes, adultos y personas de edad avanzada.	• 準備旅行是很好的機會，可檢查嬰兒、兒童、青少年、成年人和老年人的疫苗狀態。	• يمثل الإعداد للقيام بالرحلات فرصة عظيمة لفحص حالة اللقاح المخصص للرضع والأطفال المراهقين والبالغين وكبار السن.	• Подготовка к поездке является хорошей возможностью проверить статус вакцинации младенцев, детей подростков, взрослых и пожилых людей.	• La préparation du voyage est une bonne occasion pour vérifier l'état des vaccins des nourrissons, enfants, adolescents, adultes et personnes âgées.
• Todo morador ou visitante de qualquer cidade brasileira tem disponível também as vacinas para influenza e Pólio, que são enfermidades relacionadas a possíveis emergências de saúde pública de importância internacional para a Organização Mundial de Saúde.	• Any resident of or visitor to any Brazilian city can also receive the Influenza and Polio vaccines, which are diseases related to potential public health emergencies of international concern by the World Health Organization.	• Todo habitante o visitante de cualquier ciudad brasileña tiene disponible también las vacunas para influenza y poliomielitis, que son enfermedades relacionadas a posibles emergencias de salud pública de importancia internacional para la Organización Mundial de la Salud.	• 巴西城市的任何居民或訪客還可以接受流感和脊髓灰質炎疫苗，這些是世界健康組織公布的與潛在國際公共衛生緊急情況有關的疾病。	• يمكن لأي مقيم في أي مدينة برازيلية أو زائر لها أيضًا أخذ لقاحي الأنفلونزا وشلل الأطفال، اللذين يعد مرضين مرتبطين بحالات الطوارئ المحتملة التي تؤثر على الصحة العامة والتي لها صلة بمنظمة الصحة العالمية على الصعيد الدولي.	• Для каждого жителя или посетителя любого бразильского города имеются вакцины против гриппа и полиомиелита, заболеваний, связанных с возможными чрезвычайными ситуациями в области общественного здравоохранения международного значения для Всемирной Организации Здравоохранения.	• Tout résident ou visiteur de n'importe quelle ville brésilienne dispose de vaccins contre la grippe et la Polio, maladies liées à une possible urgence de santé publique de portée internationale selon l'Organisation mondiale de la santé.
PREVENÇÃO CONTRA FEBRE AMARELA:	PREVENTION OF YELLOW FEVER:	PREVENCIÓN CONTRA FIEBRE AMARILLA:	黃熱病的預防︰	الوقاية من الحمى الصفراء:	Профилактика против желтой лихорадки:	Prévention contre la fièvre jaune :
• Previna-se contra febre amarela tomando a vacina 10 dias antes de visitar áreas de mata ou de praticar turismo ecológico ou rural.	• Take the yellow fever vaccine 10 days before visiting forest areas or practicing ecological or rural tourism to prevent against the disease.	• Prevéngase contra la fiebre amarilla tomando la vacuna 10 días antes de visitar áreas con bosques o de practicar turismo ecológico o rural.	• 在前往森林區或實踐生態或農村旅遊的 10 天前接受黃熱病疫苗以預防這種疾病。	• خذ لقاح الحمى الصفراء قبل 10 أيام من زيارة مناطق الغابات أو ممارسة السياحة البيئية أو الريفية للوقاية من هذا المرض.	• Проведите профилактику против желтой лихорадки, прививаясь за 10 дней до посещения лесных участков или провождения экологического и сельского туризма.	• Prémunissez-vous de la fièvre jaune en prenant le vaccin 10 jours avant de visiter une zone de forêt ou de pratiquer le tourisme écologique ou rural.
• Procure seu médico, pois ele poderá lhe ajudar a decidir se a vacina é necessária, com base em seu plano de viagem.	• Contact your doctor to help you decide whether the vaccine is required, based on your travel itinerary.	• Busque a su médico, ya que él podrá ayudarlo a decidir si la vacuna es necesaria, con base en su plan de viaje.	• 聯繫您的醫生來幫助您決定您的旅程是否需要接受該疫苗。	• اتصل بالطبيب المعالج لك لمساعدتك على تحديد هل اللقاح ضروري، استنادًا إلى دليل الرحلات.	• Обратитесь к врачу, так как он может помочь вам решить, нужно ли прививаться, на основе вашего плана путешествия.	• Dirigez-vous vers votre médecin car il pourra vous aider à décider si un vaccin est nécessaire, compte tenu de votre plan de voyage.
CUIDADOS BÁSICOS	BASIC CARE	CUIDADOS BÁSICOS	基本護理	الرعاية الأساسية	Общий Уход	Soins de base
SAÚDE DO VIAJANTE:	TRAVELER HEALTH:	SALUD DEL VIAJERO:	旅行者健康 ︰	صحة المسافر:	Здоровье Путешественника:	Santé des voyageurs :
• Procure seu médico, preferencialmente, entre 4 e 8 semanas antes da viagem para informar seu roteiro. Peça orientações sobre cuidados para proteção contra doenças e lesões;	• Inform your itinerary to your doctor preferably 4 to 8 weeks before your trip. Ask for guidance on how to prevent diseases and injuries;	• Busque a su médico, preferencialmente, entre 4 y 8 semanas antes del viaje para informar su itinerario. Solicite orientación sobre cuidados para protección contra enfermedades y lesiones;	• 最好是在您旅行前 4 到 8 周將您的行程安排告知給您的醫生。尋求如何預防疾病和傷害的指導；	• أخبر الطبيب المعالج لك بدليل سفرك ويفضل ذلك قبل القيام برحلتك بحوالي 4 إلى 8 أسابيع. اطلب المشورة عن كيفية الوقاية من الأمراض والإصابات؛	• Обратитесь к врачу, предпочтительно за 4 - 8 недель до начала поездки, чтобы сообщить ему о вашей поездке. Спросите его совета по уходу для защиты от заболеваний и травм;	• Consultez votre médecin, de préférence entre 4 et 8 semaines avant le départ pour l’informer de votre itinéraire. Renseignez-vous sur les précautions à prendre contre les maladies et les blessures ;
• Você pode ter dificuldade ou não encontrar os medicamentos que utiliza habitualmente, durante a viagem. Peça orientação ao seu médico sobre quais medicamentos e em que quantidade deve levar, incluindo a bagagem de mão;	• You may have difficulty finding medications you usually take during your trip. Ask your doctor which and how much of each medication you should bring with you on your trip, including on your carry-on luggage;	• Usted puede tener dificultad o no encontrar los medicamentos que utiliza habitualmente, durante el viaje. Solicite orientación a su médico sobre qué medicamentos y en qué cantidad debe llevar, incluyendo en el equipaje de mano;	• 在您的旅行過程中，可能較難找到平時服用的藥物。咨詢您的醫生，旅行中攜帶的藥物種類和數量，包括隨身攜帶的行李；	• قد تجد صعوبة في إيجاد الأدوية التي تتناولها عادة أثناء رحلتك. اطلب من الطبيب المعالج لك معرفة كل دواء ينبغي عليك إحضاره معك على متن الرحلة بالإضافة إلى معرفة ثمنه، وضعه في الأمتعة المحمولة.	• Во время поездки может быть вам будет трудно найти медикаменты, которыми вы обычно пользуетесь . Спросите совета своего врача о том, какие лекарства и в каком количестве следует взять с собой, в том числе в ручной клади;	• Durant le voyage, vous pouvez avoir des difficultés pour trouver les médicaments que vous utilisez habituellement. Demandez conseil à votre médecin pour savoir quels médicaments et quelle quantité transporter dans vos bagages, y compris dans les bagages à main ;
• Carregue com você os seus documentos de identificação, de preferência em inglês e português, com informações de contatos pessoais, tipo sanguíneo, se tem alergias, diabetes ou outras doenças que possam requerer particular atenção;	• Carry your identification documents with you at all times, preferably in English and Portuguese, containing information on personal contacts, blood type, allergies, diabetes or other diseases that may require special care;	• Cargue con usted sus documentos de identificación, de preferencia en inglés y portugués, con información de contactos personales, tipo sanguíneo, se tiene alergias, diabetes u otras enfermedades que puedan requerir atención particular;	• 隨身攜帶您的身份證明，最好是英語和葡萄牙文的，載有關于個人連絡人、血型、過敏、糖尿病或其他可能需要特殊護理的疾病的資訊；	• احمل وثائق تحديد الهوية الخاصة بك في كل الأوقات، ويفضل أن تكون باللغة الإنجليزية واللغة البرتغالية، وهذه الوثائق تتضمن معلومات عن جهات الاتصال وفصيلة الدم وأمراض الحساسية ومرض السكري وغيرها من الأمراض التي قد تحتاج إلى رعاية خاصة؛	• Держите всегда при себе свои документы, удостоверяющие личность, желательно на английском и португальском языках, с личной контактной информации, типом крови, если у вас есть аллергия, диабет или другие заболевания, информация о которых может потребоваться;	• Portez sur vous vos pièces d'identité, de préférence en anglais et en portugais, avec les informations de vos contacts personnels, groupe sanguin et d’éventuels allergies, diabète et autres maladies qui peuvent nécessiter une attention particulière ;
• Toda gestante deve consultar seu médico antes da viagem, pois estará sujeita a vários riscos e a viagem pode afetar sua segurança e conforto;	• Pregnant women must always consult their doctors before traveling, since they are subject to various risks and the trip may affect their safety and comfort.	• Toda gestante debe consultar a su médico antes del viaje, ya que estará sujeta a varios riesgos y el viaje puede afectar su seguridad y comodidad;	• 孕婦必須總是在出差前咨詢其醫生，因為存在各種風險，旅行可能會影響其安全和舒適。	• يجب على النساء الحوامل استشارة الأطباء المعالجة لهن دائمًا قبل السفر، حيث من المحتمل خضوعهن إلى مخاطر متنوعة وقد توثر الرحلة على سلامتهن وراحتهن.	• Все беременные должны проконсультироваться со своим врачом перед путешествием, поскольку будут подвержены различным рискам и поездка может повлиять на вашу безопасность и комфорт;	• Toutes les femmes enceintes doivent consulter leur médecin avant le départ, car elles seront exposées à des risques et le voyage peut affecter leur sécurité et leur confort ;
• Antes de viajar consulte a empresa de transporte sobre as regras específicas para gestantes;	• Contact the transportation company to learn more about specific rules for pregnant women before traveling.	• Antes de viajar consulte a la empresa de transporte sobre las reglas específicas para gestantes;	• 旅行之前聯繫運輸公司，瞭解更多針對懷孕婦女的具體規則。	• اتصل على شركة النقل لمعرفة المزيد حول القواعد المحددة للنساء الحوامل قبل السفر.	• Перед поездкой проконсультироваться с транспортной компанией насчёт специальных правил для беременных женщин;	• Avant le départ, renseignez-vous auprès de l’entreprise de transport sur les règles concernant les femmes enceintes ;
• O Brasil é um país de clima tropical. Recomenda-se ao viajante a ingestão constante de líquidos para evitar a desidratação;	• Brazil is a tropical country. Travelers are recommended to drink plenty of fluids to avoid dehydration;	• Brasil es un país de clima tropical. Se recomienda al viajero tomar constantemente líquidos para evitar deshidratación;	• 巴西是一個熱帶國家。建議旅行都要多喝水以防脫水；	• البرازيل بلد استوائي. ينصح المسافرون بتناول قدر وفير من السوائل لتفادي الإصابة بالجفاف؛	• Бразилия это страна тропического климата. Рекомендуем путешественникам постоянно принимать жидкости, чтобы предотвратить обезвоживание;	• Le Brésil est un pays au climat tropical. Il est recommandé au voyageur de boire régulièrement pour éviter la déshydratation ;
• Use roupas e calçados confortáveis. Eles lhe darão segurança e proteção contra torções, picadas de insetos e acidentes com animais peçonhentos;	• Wear comfortable clothes and shoes. They will protect you against sprains, insect bites and incidents involving venomous animals;	• Use ropa y calzado cómodos. Le brindarán seguridad y comodidad contra torceduras, picaduras de insectos y accidentes con animales ponzoñosos;	• 穿舒適的衣服和鞋子。它們會保護您免受扭傷、昆蟲叮咬和有毒動物的傷害；	• ارتدِ ملابس مريحة وأحذية. ستوفر لك الحماية المطلوبة من التعرض لإلتواءات المفاصل ولدغات الحشرات والحوادث التي تسببها الحيوانات السامة؛	• Носите удобную одежду и обувь. В них вы будете себя чувствовать безопасно и защищёно от растяжений, укусов насекомых и несчастных случаев с ядовитыми животными;	• Utiliser des vêtements et des chaussures confortables. Ils vous apporterons sécurité et protection contre les entorses, les piqûres d'insectes et les morsures d’animaux venimeux ;
• Para se proteger do sol, cubra-se com roupas apropriadas, utilize chapéu ou boné e óculos escuros. Evite a exposição direta ao sol entre 10 horas da manhã e 4 horas da tarde;	• Cover yourself with appropriate clothing, hats or caps and sunglasses to protect against the sun. Avoid direct exposure to sunlight between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.;	• Para protegerse del sol, cúbrase con ropa apropiada, utilice sobrero o gorra y gafas oscuras. Evite la exposición directa al sol entre 10 horas de la mañana y 4 horas de la tarde;	• 用合適的衣物、帽子和太陽鏡保護自己免受太陽照射。 在上午 10 點和下午 4 點避免直接暴露于陽光之下;	• احمِ نفسك بارتداء الملابس المناسبة والقبعات أو أغطية الرأس ونظارات الشمس للوقاية من أشعة الشمس. تجنب التعرض المباشر لأشعة الشمس بين 10 صباحًا و4 عصرًا؛	• Для защиты от солнца, носите соответствующую одежду, включая шляпы или кепки и солнцезащитные очки. Избегайте прямых солнечных лучей с 10 утра до 4 вечера;	• Pour vous protéger du soleil, couvrez-vous avec des vêtements appropriés, mettez un chapeau ou une casquette et des lunettes de soleil. Évitez l'exposition directe au soleil entre 10h00 du matin et 16h00 ;
• Use protetor solar com fator de proteção adequado à cor de sua pele, de acordo com as orientações do fabricante. Mesmo em locais mais frios, sua pele ficará protegida dos raios solares;	• Use sunscreen with the appropriate protection factor based on your skin tone, according to the manufacturer’s instructions. This will make sure your skin is always protected, even in colder locations;	• Use protector solar con factor de protección adecuado al color de su piel, de acuerdo con las orientaciones del fabricante. Incluso en lugares más fríos, su piel estará protegida de los rayos solares;	• 基於您的膚色，按照製造商的說明，使用包含適當防護因子的防曬霜。這將確保您的皮膚始終受到保護，即使在寒冷的地點亦是如此	• استخدم واقي الشمس المزود بعامل حماية مناسب بناء على لون بشرتك، ووفقًا لتعليمات جهة التصنيع. سيؤدي ذلك إلى أن تتأكد من جلدك يقع تحت الحماية دائمًا، حتى في الأماكن الباردة؛	• Используйте солнцезащитный крем с фактором защиты, соответствующим цвету вашей кожи, как рекомендует производитель. Даже в более в прохладных местах, ваша кожа будет защищена от воздействия солнечных лучей;	• Utilisez de la crème solaire avec un indice de protection approprié à la couleur de votre peau, suivant les instructions du fabricant. Même dans des endroits plus frais, votre peau sera protégée des rayons solaires ;
• Use repelentes quando houver necessidade;	• Use insect repellents when necessary;	• Use repelentes cuando haya necesidad;	• 必要時使用驅蟲劑；	• استخدم الأدوات الطاردة للحشرات عند الحاجة؛	• Используйте репелленты в случае необходимости;	• Utiliser des répulsifs anti-moustuiques lorsque cela est nécessaire ;
• Lave as mãos com água e sabão várias vezes ao dia, principalmente antes de ingerir alimentos, após utilizar conduções públicas, visitar mercados ou locais com grande fluxo de pessoas;	• Wash your hands with water and soap several times a day, especially before eating, after using public transportation, visiting markets or highly-populated areas;	• Lávese las manos con agua y jabón varias veces al día, principalmente antes de ingerir alimentos, después de utilizar transporte público, visitar mercados o lugares con un gran flujo de personas;	• 一天用水和肥皂洗手多次，特別是飯前和使用公共交通工具，前往市場或高度密集的地方後；	• اغسل يديك بالماء والصابون عدة مرات يوميًا، ولا سيما قبل تناول الطعام، وبعد استخدام النقل العام أو التوجه إلى الأسواق أو المناطق ذات الكثافة السكانية العالية؛	• Мойте руки с мылом несколько раз в день, особенно перед едой, после использования общественного транспорта, посещения рынков или мест с большим потоком людей;	• Lavez-vous les mains avec de l’eau et du savon plusieurs fois par jour, surtout avant d’ingérer des aliments, après avoir utilisé les transports publics, visité des marchés ou des lieux avec un nombre important de personnes ;
• No Brasil, é proibido por lei dirigir após o consumo de bebida alcoólica, mesmo em pequenas quantidades.	• Driving after consuming any amount of alcoholic beverages is prohibited in Brazil.	• En Brasil, está prohibido por ley conducir después del consumo de bebidas alcohólicas, incluso en pequeñas cantidades.	• 在巴西，嚴禁在飲用任何數量的酒精飲料後駕車。	• القيادة بعد تناول أي كمية من المشروبات الكحولية من الأمور المحظورة في البرازيل.	• В Бразилии, закон запрещает садиться за руль после употребления спиртных напитков, даже в небольших количествах.	• Au Brésil, il est interdit par la Loi de conduire après avoir consommé de l'alcool, même en petite quantité.
PREVENÇÃO	PREVENTION	PREVENCIÓN	預防	الوقاية	Профилактика	Prévention
MALÁRIA:	MALARIA:	MALARIA:	瘧疾 ︰	الملاريا:	Малярия:	Paludisme :
• No Brasil, a transmissão concentra-se na Região Amazônica, composta pelos estados do Acre, Amapá, Amazonas, Maranhão, Mato Grosso, Pará, Rondônia, Roraima e Tocantins;	• In Brazil, Malaria transmission is concentrated in the Amazon region, which covers the states of Acre, Amapá, Amazonas, Maranhão, Mato Grosso, Pará, Rondônia, Roraima and Tocantins;	• En Brasil, la transmisión se concentra en la Región Amazónica, compuesta por los estados de Acre, Amapá, Amazonas, Maranhão, Mato Grosso, Pará, Rondônia, Roraima y Tocantins;	• 在巴西，瘧疾集中在亞馬遜地區傳播，涵蓋英畝、阿馬帕、亞馬孫、馬拉尼昂，馬托格羅索州、帕拉、朗多尼亞、羅賴馬和托坎廷斯等州；	• في البرازيل، يكثر انتشار مرض الملاريا في منطقة الأمازون، التي تشمل الولايات التالية أكري وأمابا وأمازوناس ومارانهاو وماتو غروسو وبارا وروندونيا ورورايما وتوكانتينس؛	• В Бразилии, передача сосредоточена в Районе Амазонки, в который входят Штаты - Акре, Амапа, Амазонас, Мараньян, Мату-Гросу, Пara, Рондония, Рорайма и Токантинс;	• Au Brésil, la transmission est concentrée dans la Région amazonienne, composée des états de l’Acre, Amapá, Amazonas, Maranhão, Mato Grosso, Pará, Rondônia, Roraima et Tocantins ;
• Em áreas de transmissão de malária, é fundamental que o viajante tenha conhecimento sobre o horário de maior atividade de mosquitos vetores de malária, do pôr-do-sol ao amanhecer;	• Travelers visiting areas of malaria transmission must be aware that the malaria vectors are mostly active between sunset and sunrise;	• En áreas de transmisión de malaria, es fundamental que el viajero tenga conocimiento que el horario de mayor actividad de mosquitos vectores de malaria, es de la puesta del sol hasta el amanecer;	• 出行到瘧疾傳播區域的人必須意識到，瘧疾媒介大多是在日落和日出之間比較活躍；	• يجب أن يكون المسافرون الذين يزورون المناطق التي تنتشر فيها الملاريا على علم بنواقل الملاريا التي تكون في حالة نشاط غالبًا بين فترة غروب الشمس وشروقها؛	• В районах заражения малярией, крайне важно, чтобы путешественник знал о периоде времени наибольшей активности векторов комаров малярии, от захода солнца до рассвета;	• Dans les zones de transmission du paludisme, il est crucial que le voyageur soit conscient des heures de l’activité principale des moustiques vecteurs du paludisme, entre le coucher et le lever du soleil ;
• Use roupas claras e com manga longa, durante atividades de exposição elevada;	• Use light clothes with long sleeves during extended exposure;	• Use ropas clara y con mangas largas, durante las actividades de exposición elevada;	• 在延長曝露期間，使用輕便的衣服與長長的袖子；	• ارتدِ ملابس ذات أكمام طويلة أثناء الوجود في الخارج لفترة طويلة؛	• Используйте легкую одежду с длинным рукавом во время высокой активности комара;	• Utilisez des vêtements clairs à manches longues pendant les activités à exposition élevée ;
• Aplique repelente nas áreas expostas da pele, seguindo a orientação do fabricante. Em crianças com idade inferior a dois anos, não é recomendado o uso de repelente sem orientação médica;	• Apply insect repellent to all exposed skin parts, as per the manufacturer’s instructions. It is not recommended to use repellents in children under the age of two without medical orientation;	• Aplique repelente en las áreas expuestas de la piel, siguiendo la orientación del fabricante. En niños con edad inferior a dos años, no se recomienda el uso de repelente sin orientación médica;	• 在所有暴露的皮膚部分按照製造商的指示，使用驅蟲劑。不建議在沒有醫師指導的情況下對兩歲下兒童使用驅蟲劑	• ضع مادة طاردة للحشرات على الأجزاء المكشوفة من الجلد، وفقًا لتعليمات جهة التصنيع. ينصح باستخدام مواد طاردة في الأطفال الذين تقل أعمارهم عن العامين وبدون توجيه طبي.	• Нанесите репеллент на открытые участки кожи, следуя инструкциям изготовителя. Нанесение репеллента детям в возрасте до двух лет, без медицинского наблюдения, не рекомендуется;	• Appliquer du répulsif sur les zones exposées de la peau, suivant les instructions du fabricant. Chez les enfants âgés de moins de deux ans, il n'est pas recommandé l'utilisation de répulsif sans avis médical ;
• Em áreas de transmissão de malária é imprescindível que o viajante fique atento ao surgimento de sintomas da doença, como febre, dor no corpo e dor de cabeça;	• Travelers in areas of malaria transmission must be watchful for symptoms of the disease, such as fever, body aches and headaches;	• En áreas de transmisión de malaria es imprescindible que el viajero esté atento al surgimiento de síntomas de la enfermedad, como fiebre, dolor en el cuerpo y dolor de cabeza;	• 在瘧疾傳播區域的旅行者必須警惕發熱、全身疼痛和頭痛等癥狀；	• يجب أن يكون المسافرون في مناطق انتشار الملاريا على دراية بأعراض المرض، المتمثلة في الإصابة بالحمى والشعور بآلام في الجسم والصداع.	• В районах заражения малярии крайне важно, чтобы путешественник заметил появление симптомов заболевания, такие как температура, боль в теле и головная боль;	• Dans les zones de transmission du paludisme, il est indispensable que le voyageur soit attentif à l’apparition de symptômes de la maladie, comme la fièvre, les douleurs dans le corps et les maux de tête ;
• Em caso de manifestação de algum sintoma da doença, procure uma unidade de saúde especializada mais próxima. O ideal é que este atendimento seja feito o quanto antes, em até 48 horas após os primeiros sintomas;	• If you experience any of these symptoms, seek out the nearest specialized healthcare unit. Medical care must be ideally received within 48 hours after the appearance of the first symptoms;	• En caso de que se manifieste algún síntoma de la enfermedad, busque la unidad de salud especializada más cercana. Lo ideal es que esta atención sea realizada cuanto antes, en hasta 48 horas después de los primeros síntomas;	• 如果您出現任何這些症狀，尋找最近的、專門的醫療單位。理想情況下，必須在出現第一症狀的 48 小時內，接受醫療服務；	• إذا ظهرت عليك أي من هذه الأعراض، فابحث عن أقرب وحدة طبية متخصصة. يحب تلقي رعاية طبية مثالية في غضون 48 ساعة من ظهور الأعراض للمرة الأولى؛	• В случае проявления каких-либо симптомов заболевания, обратитесь к ближайшему медику специалисту. В идеале, если это обращение будет сделано как можно раньше, в течение 48 часов после появления первых симптомов;	• En cas de manifestation de quelques symptômes de la maladie, dirigez-vous vers une unité de santé spécialisée proche de chez vous. Idéalement, cette consultation doit être effectuée le plus tôt possible, dans un maximum de 48 heures après les premiers symptômes ;
• O Brasil conta com uma rede pública de saúde estruturada para diagnosticar e tratar os pacientes, de forma oportuna e adequada;	• Brazil has a public healthcare system qualified to diagnose and treat patients in a timely and appropriate manner;	• Brasil cuenta con una red pública de salud estructurada para diagnosticar y tratar a los pacientes, de forma oportuna y adecuada;	• 巴西擁有一個公共醫療系統，有資質以及時和適當的方式診斷和治療病人；	• تحظى البرازيل بنظام رعاية صحية عامة مؤهل لتشخيص المرضى وعلاجهم في الوقت المناسب وبطريقة ملائمة؛	• Бразилия имеет систему общественного здравоохранения структурированную для диагностики и лечения пациентов своевременно и надлежащим образом;	• Le Brésil dispose d'un réseau de santé publique structuré pour diagnostiquer et traiter les patients, de façon opportune et appropriée ;
• Caso você queira adquirir mais informações acerca da malária, antes de realizar a sua viagem, busque orientações em um dos Centros de Referência.	• Consult one of the Reference Centers for more information on malaria before traveling.	• En caso de que usted desee obtener más información acerca de la malaria, antes de realizar su viaje, busque orientación en uno de los Centros de Referencia.	• 在旅行前咨詢參考資料中心之一了解更多有關瘧疾的資訊。	• استشر أحد المراكز المرجعية للحصول على مزيد من المعلومات حول الملاريا قبل السفر.	• Если вы хотите получить более подробную информацию о малярии, перед вашей поездкой, получить указания в одном из Справочных Центров.	• Si vous souhaitez obtenir plus d'informations sur le paludisme avant votre départ, demandez conseil dans un des Centres de référence.
PREVINA-SE CONTRA DOENÇAS DE TRANSMISSÃO RESPIRATÓRIA:	Prevention of airborne diseases:	Prevéngase contra enfermedades de transmisión respiratoria:	空氣傳播疾病的預防︰	الوقاية من الأمراض المنقولة بالهواء:	Проводите профилактику респираторных заболеваний:	Prémunissez-vous des maladies à transmission respiratoire :
• Lavar as mãos com água e sabonete antes das refeições, de tocar os olhos, a boca e o nariz e após tossir, espirrar ou usar o banheiro;	• Wash your hands with water and soap before meals or before touching your eyes, mouth and nose, and after coughing, sneezing or using restrooms;	• Lavarse las manos con agua y jabón antes de comer, de tocarse los ojos, la boca y la nariz y después de toser, estornudar o usar el baño;	• 飯前或接觸您的眼睛、嘴和鼻子之前, 以及咳嗽、打噴嚏或使用洗手間之後，用水和肥皂洗手；	• اغسل يديك بالماء والصابون قبل تناول وجبات الطعام أو قبل ملامسة عينيك وفمك وأنفك، وبعد السعال أو العطس أو استخدام دورات المياه؛	• Мойте руки с мылом перед принятием пищи, не трогайте глаза, рот и нос, и после кашля, чихания или использования туалетов;	• Lavez-vous les mains avec de l'eau et du savon avant les repas ou les contacts avec les yeux, la bouche ou le nez et après avoir toussé, éternué ou être allé aux toilettes ;
• Indivíduos doentes devem ficar em repouso, consumir alimentação balanceada, aumentar a ingestão de líquidos e evitar aglomerações e ambientes fechados;	• Sick individuals must rest, eat a balanced diet, drink more fluids and avoid crowded indoor areas;	• Las personas enfermas deben quedarse en reposo, consumir alimentación balanceada, aumentar la ingestión de líquidos y evitar aglomeraciones y ambientes cerrados;	• 生病人必須休息、吃均衡的飲食，多喝水，避免室內或擁擠的區域;	• يجب أن يخضع الأفراد المرضى إلى الراحة وأن يتناولوا الطعام وفق نظام غذائي متوازن وأن يتفادوا الوجود في الأماكن المغلقة أو المزدحمة؛	• Больные люди должны отдыхать, есть сбалансированную диету, увеличивая потребление жидкости и избегать скопления людей и в помещении;	• Les individus malades devraient se reposer, consommer une alimentation équilibrée, augmenter l'apport de liquides et éviter les agglomérations et les endroits fermés ;
• Mantenha os ambientes ventilados;	• Make sure rooms are well ventilated;	• Mantenga los ambientes ventilados;	• 確保環境通風良好;	• تأكد من أن البيئة جيدة التهوية؛	• Проветривайте помещения;	• Maintenez votre environnement aéré ;
• Esteja sempre atento ao apresentar sintomas respiratórios de maior gravidade e procure imediatamente assistência médica.	• Always be aware of more severe respiratory symptoms and immediately seek out medical assistance.	• Esté siempre atento al presentar síntomas respiratorios de mayor gravedad y busque inmediatamente asistencia médica.	• 始終警惕更嚴重的呼吸道症狀，并立即尋求醫療援助。	• كن دائمًا على دراية بالعديد من الأعراض التنفسية الحادة وابحث عن مساعدة طبية على الفور.	• Всегда будьте внимательны к респираторным симптомам и немедленно обратитесь к врачу.	• Soyez toujours attentif aux symptômes respiratoires les plus graves et dirigez-vous immédiatement vers une assistance médicale.
CONSUMA ALIMENTOS E BEBIDAS DE FORMA SAUDÁVEL:	Consume healthy foods and beverages:	Consuma alimentos y bebidas de forma saludable:	食用健康食品和飲料︰	تناول الأطعمة والمشروبات الصحية:	Потребляйте здоровую пищу и напитки:	Consommez des aliments et boissons de façon saine :
• Evite consumir alimentos cujas condições higiênicas, de preparo e acondicionamento, são precárias;	• Avoid foods with questionable hygienic, preparation and packaging conditions;	• Evite consumir alimentos cuyas condiciones higiénicas, de preparación y acondicionamiento, sean precarias;	• 避免衛生，製備及包裝有問題的食品；	• تجنب تناول الأطعمة المصحوبة بظروف تحضير وتغليف صحية مشكوك فيها؛	• Избегайте потребления пищевых продуктов, приготовленных и упакованных в сомнительных гигиенических условиях;	• Éviter de consommer des aliments dont les conditions d'hygiène, de préparation et de conditionnement, sont précaires ;
• Prefira alimentos que contenham baixo teor de açúcares, gorduras e sal;	• Prioritize foods with low sugar, fat and salt contents;	• Prefiera alimentos que contengan un bajo contenido de azúcares, grasas y sal;	• 優先考慮糖分、脂肪和鹽含量低的食物；	• أعطِ أولوية للأطعمة التي تحتوي على نسبة منخفضة من محتويات السكر والدهن والملح؛	• Отдавайте предпочтение продуктам, с низким содержанием сахара, жира и соли;	• Préférez les aliments contenant de faibles taux de sucre, de graisse et de sel ;
• Beba bastante líquido, preferencialmente água ou suco. Evite alimentos crus ou mal cozidos, principalmente os frutos do mar;	• Drink plenty of fluids, preferably water or juice. Avoid raw or undercooked food, especially seafood;	• Beba bastante líquido, preferentemente agua o jugo. Evite alimentos crudos o mal cocidos, principalmente mariscos;	• 飲用大量液體，最好是水或果汁。避免生的或未煮熟的食物，尤其是海鮮；	• تناول قدر وفير من السوائل، ويفضل تناول المياه أو العصائر. تجنب تناول الطعام النيئ أو غير المطبوخ جيدًا، ولا سيما المأكولات البحرية؛	• Пейте много жидкости, предпочтительно воды или сок. Избегайте сырые или недоваренные продукты, особенно морепродукты;	• Buvez beaucoup, de préférence de l'eau ou de jus de fruit. Évitez les aliments crus ou peu cuits, en particulier les fruits de mer ;
• Alimentos embalados devem conter no rótulo a identificação do produtor, data de validade e a embalagem deve estar íntegra;	• Packaged food labels must clearly indicate the producer, expiration date and the packages must be sealed;	• Los alimentos envasados deben contar contener en el rótulo la identificación del productor, fecha de validez y el embalaje debe estar íntegro;	• 包裝的食品標籤必須標明生產者、到期日期且包裝必須密封;	• يجب أن تشير ملصقات التسمية على الأطعمة المغلّفة إلى جهة الإنتاج وتاريخ انتهاء الصلاحية كما يجب أن تكون العبوات مختومة؛	• Упакованные пищевые продукты должны быть маркированы, чтобы идентифицировать производителя, срок годности и упаковка должны быть неповрежденными;	• Les aliments emballés doivent comporter l’identifiant du producteur sur l'étiquette, la date de validité et l’emballage doit être entier ;
• Durante o turismo rural, dê preferência aos alimentos que podem ficar sem refrigeração e não estraguem com o calor;	• When practicing rural tourism, always prioritize foods that do not require refrigeration or spoil in the heat;	• Durante el turismo rural, dé preferencia a los alimentos que pueden quedarse sin refrigeración y no se echen a perder con el calor;	• 鄉村旅遊時，總是優先考慮不需要冷藏或遇熱變質的食物；	• عند ممارسة السياحة الريفية، أعطِ الأولوية دائمًا إلى الأطعمة التي لا تحتاج إلى تبريد أو التي لا تفسد في الأجواء الحارة؛	• Во время сельского туризма, отдают предпочтение продуктам, которые могут храниться не охлажденными и не портятся в жару;	• Pour le tourisme rural, donner la préférence aux aliments qui peuvent se conserver sans réfrigération et qui supportent la chaleur ;
• Caso tenha diarreia e vômitos por conta da ingestão de alimentos e bebidas, é preciso cuidado redobrado com a desidratação. Recomenda-se a ingestão de sal de reidratação oral, disponibilizado gratuitamente pelo Sistema Único de Saúde, ou outras soluções do tipo. As bebidas esportivas não compensam corretamente as perdas e não devem ser utilizadas para tratamento de doença diarreica.	• If you experience vomiting or diarrhea after ingesting foods or beverages, special attention is required to avoid dehydration. In these cases, it is recommended to ingest oral rehydration salts provided free of charge by the Unified Healthcare System, or other similar solutions. Sports drinks do not properly offset fluid losses and must never be used to treat diarrheic diseases.	• En caso de que tenga diarrea y vómito debidos a la ingestión de alimentos y bebidas, es necesario tener un cuidado redoblado con la deshidratación. Se recomienda la ingestión de sal de rehidratación oral, puesta a disposición gratuitamente por el Sistema Único de Salud, u otras soluciones del tipo. Las bebidas deportivas no compensan correctamente las pérdidas y no deben ser utilizadas para el tratamiento de la enfermedad diarreica.	• 如果您攝入食物或飲料後出現嘔吐或腹瀉，則需要特別注意避免脫水。在這些情況下，建議攝取統一醫療保健系統免費提供的口服補液鹽，或其他類似解決方案。運動飲料不能適當地補償流體損失，不得用於治療腹瀉疾病。	• إذا كنت تعاني من التقيؤ أو الإسهال بعد بلع الطعام أو المشروبات، فمن الضروري إيلاء اهتمام خاص لذلك لتجنب الإصابة بالجفاف. في هذه الحالات، ينصح ببلع أملاح الإماهة الفموية التي يوفرها بالمجان نظام الرعاية الصحية الموحد، أو غيرها من الحلول الأخرى. لا تعوض المشروبات الرياضية فقد السوائل تعويضًا صحيحًا ويجب تجنب استخدامها لعلاج الأمراض المصحوبة بالإسهال.	• Если у вас есть диарея и рвота вследствие приема пищи и питья, вы должны быть более внимательны с обезвоживанием. Рекомендуется прием оральной регидратационной соли, которую можно бесплатно приобрести в Единой Системе Здравоохранения или других похожих растворов. Спортивные напитки не компенсируют должным образом потери и не должны использоваться для лечения желудочно-кишечных заболеваний.	• Si vous souffrez de diarrhée et de vomissements dus à l'ingestion de nourriture et de boisson, redoublez de vigilance pour éviter la déshydratation. Il est recommandé d’ingérer du sel de réhydratation orale, disponible gratuitement par le Système unique de santé, ou d'autres solutions de ce type. Les boissons énergétiques ne compensent pas correctement les pertes et ne doivent pas être utilisées pour traiter une maladie diarrhéique.
PRATIQUE SEXO DE FORMA SEGURA	PRACTICE SAFE SEX	PRACTIQUE SEXO DE FORMA SEGURA	進行安全性行為	ممارسة آمنة للجنس	Практикуйте безопасный секс	Se préserver des infections sexuellement transmissibles
CAMISINHA	CONDOM	CONDÓN	避孕套	الواقي الجنسي	Презерватив	Préservatifs
• A camisinha é a maneira prática para se proteger contra o HIV/ aids, as hepatites virais e as infecções sexualmente transmissíveis (IST), como a sífilis e a gonorreia.	• Condoms are the most practical method to protect against HIV/AIDS, viral hepatitis and sexually transmitted infections (STIs), such as syphilis and gonorrhea.	• El condón es la manera práctica para protegerse contra VIH/ sida, las hepatitis virales y las infecciones sexualmente transmisibles (IST), como la sífilis y la gonorrea.	• 避孕套是最實用的方法，用以防止愛滋病毒/愛滋病、病毒性肝炎和性傳播感染 （性病），梅毒和淋病等。	• تعد الواقيات الجنسية الوسيلة الأكثر استخدامًا للوقاية من فيروس العوز المناعي البشري/الإيدز والتهاب الكبد الفيروسي والعدوى المنقولة جنسيًا (STIs)، مثل الزهري والسيلان.	• Презерватив является практическим способом защиты от ВИЧ/СПИДа, вирусных гепатитов и инфекций, передаваемых половым путем (ИППП), таких как сифилис и гонорея.	• Le préservatif est le moyen pratique pour se protéger contre le VIH/sida, les hépatites virales et les infections sexuellement transmissibles (IST), comme la syphilis et la gonorrhée.
• Use e descarte corretamente o preservativo.	• Use and discard condoms properly.	• Use y descarte correctamente el preservativo.	• 正確使用和處置避孕套。	• الاستخدام الصحيح للواقي الجنسي والتخلص منه.	• Используйте и выбрасывайте презервативы надлежащим образом.	• Utilisez et disposer correctement du préservatif.
• Se a camisinha “estourou” ou você transou sem camisinha, pode ser necessário o uso de profilaxia pós-exposição de risco ao HIV , conhecida como PEP.	• If the condom “breaks” or if you had unprotected sexual intercourse, post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP) measures are required after exposure to HIV risk.	• Si el condón “se reventó” o usted tuvo sexo sin condón, puede ser necesario el uso de profilaxis post-exposición de riesgo al VIH, conocida como PEP.	• 如果避孕套"破損"或者沒有保護性措施，則在出現暴露于愛滋病毒風險後必須采取暴露後預防 (PEP) 措施。	• إذا "حدث تغيير" في شكل الواقي الجنسي أو إذا كنت تقوم بعلاقات جنسية لا تخضع إلى الحماية، فمن الضروري اتخاذ إجراءات المعالجة الوقائية التالية للتعرض بعد التعرض لخطر الإصابة بفيروس العوز البشري المناعي.	• Если презерватив «порвался» или вы занимались сексом без презерватива, возможно, придется воспользоваться постконтактной профилактикой ВИЧ, известной как АРВ.	• Si le préservatif «a craqué» ou si vous avez eu des rapports sexuels sans préservatif, il peut être nécessaire d’utiliser une prophylaxie post-exposition contre le risque du VIH, connu sous l’acronyme PPE.
• PEP	• PEP	• PEP	• PEP	• المعالجة الوقائية التالية للتعرض	• АРВ	• PPE
• A PEP é um tratamento com medicamento antirretroviral que evita a infecção pelo vírus HIV, causador da aids. Está indicada para as pessoas que apresentaram exposição de risco ao HIV, como sexo ocasional, violência sexual e acidente ocupacional com material biológico.	• PEP is a treatment with anti-HIV medication to avoid infection by the HIV virus, which causes AIDS. PEP is recommended for individuals exposed to HIV risk, such as those engaged in casual sex, sexual abuse and work accidents involving biological materials.	• PEP es un tratamiento con medicamento antirretroviral que evita la infección por el virus VIH, causante del sida. Es indicado para las personas que presentaron exposición de riesgo al VIH, como sexo ocasional, violencia sexual y accidente ocupacional con material biológico.	• PEP 是抗愛滋病毒的藥物，可以避免感染愛滋病病毒，而后者會導致愛滋病。建議將 PEP 用于暴露于愛滋病毒風險的個人，如那些熱衷于性濫交和性虐待的人，以及涉及生物材料工傷傷害的人。	• المعالجة الوقائية التالية للتعرض هي علاج يتم بتناول دواء مضاد لفيروس العوز المناعي البشري بهدف تفادي الإصابة بعدوى فيروس العوز المناعي البشري، الذي يسبب الإصابة بالإيدز. ينصح الأفراد الذين تعرضوا لخطر الإصابة بفيروس العوز المناعي البشري بالخضوع إلى المعالجة الوقائية التالية للتعرض، ويتمثل الأفراد في أولئك الذين يمارسون الجنس العرضي والذين يتعرضون للاعتداء الجنسي والحوادث المرتبطة بالعمل التي تسببها المواد البيولوجية.	• АРВ - лечение с помощью антиретровирусных препаратов, который предотвращает вирус ВИЧ, вызванный СПИДом. Предназначен для людей, подверженных риску заражения ВИЧ, таких как случайные половые связи, сексуальное насилие и несчастные случаи на производстве с биологическим материалом.	• La PPE est un traitement avec un médicament antirétroviral qui empêche l'infection par le VIH, responsable du sida. Elle est indiquée pour les personnes exposées aux risques du VIH, tels que les relations sexuelles occasionnelles, les violences sexuelles et les accidents de travail avec des matières biologiques.
• Caso seja indicado pelo médico, o tratamento de PEP dura 28 dias e deve ser iniciado em até 72 horas após o contato sexual desprotegido.	• If recommended by the doctor, the PEP treatment lasts 28 days and must be initiated within 72 hours after unprotected sexual contact.	• En caso de que sea indicado por el médico, el tratamiento de PEP dura 28 días y debe ser iniciado en hasta 72 horas después del contacto sexual sin protección.	• 如果醫生建議，PEP 治療持續 28 天，且必須在無保護的性接觸後 72 小時內開始。	• إذا أوصى الطبيب بالخضوع إلى المعالجة الوقائية التالية للتعرض، لأنها تستمر فترة 28 يومًا كما يجب أن تبدأ في غضون 72 ساعة من التلامس الجنسي غير المحمي.	• Если врач назначил лечение АРВ, оно длится 28 дней, и должно быть начато в течение 72 часов после незащищенного полового контакта.	• Si cela est indiqué par le médecin, le traitement PEP dure 28 jours et doit commencer dans les 72 heures après le contact sexuel non protégé.
Onde encontrar PEP? http://pep.aids.gov.br	Where can I find the PEP treatment? http://pep.aids.gov.br	¿Dónde encontrar PEP? (Enlace directo hacia la aplicación y/o sitio) http://pep.aids.gov.br	我在哪裡可以找到 PEP 治療？ （應用程式和/或網站的直接連結） HTTP://pep.aids.gov.br	أين يمكنني إيجاد المعالجة الوقائية التالية للتعرض؟ (رابط مباشر إلى التطبيق و/أو موقع الويب) http://pep.aids.gov.br	Где найти АПВ? (Прямая ссылка на приложение и/или веб-сайт) http://pep.aids.gov.br	Où trouver des PPE ? (Lien direct vers l’application et/ou le site) http://pep.aids.gov.br
IMPORTANTE	IMPORTANT NOTES	IMPORTANTE	重要說明	ملحوظات مهمة	Важная информация	Important
• Todos têm direito à informação e ao atendimento sem preconceito, estigma e discriminação.	• Everyone is entitled to information and medical care without being subject to any form of prejudice or discrimination.	• Todos tienen derecho a la información y a la atención sin prejuicios, estigmas o discriminación.	• 所有人都有資格獲得資訊和醫療服務而不會受到任何形式的偏見或歧視。	• يحق للجميع الإطلاع على المعلومات والحصول على الرعاية الطبية بدون الخضوع إلى أي شكل من أشكال التحيز أو التمييز.	• Каждый человек имеет право на получение информации и услуг без предубеждения, стигмы и дискриминации.	• Toute personne a droit à l’information et à l’accueil sans préjugés, stigmatisation, ni discrimination.
• No Brasil, as camisinhas feminina e masculina e o gel lubrificante são distribuídos gratuitamente em unidades de saúde, albergues, Centros de Atendimento ao Turista e outros. Informe-se sobre os pontos de distribuição mais próximos.	• In Brazil, male and female condoms and lubricant gels are distributed free-of-charge in all healthcare units, hostels, and Tourist Centers, among others. Find out which distribution centers are near you.	• En Brasil, los condones femeninos y masculinos y el gel lubricante son distribuidos gratuitamente en unidades de salud, albergues, Centros de Atención al Turista y otros. Infórmese sobre los puntos de distribución más cercanos.	• 在巴西，男用和女用避孕套和潤滑凝膠在所有醫療單位，旅館和旅遊中心等場所均是免費發放。找出您附近的發放中心。	• في البرازيل، توزع الواقيات الجنسية المخصصة للذكور والإناث ومواد هلامية المزلقة مجانًا في جميع وحدات الرعاية الصحية والفنادق والمراكز السياحية وأماكن أخرى. اكتشف مراكز التوزيع القريبة منك.	• В Бразилии, женские и мужские презервативы и смазки распространяются бесплатно в медицинских учреждениях, хостелах, центрах туристического сервиса и другие местах. Узнайте о ближайших точках распространения.	• Au Brésil, les préservatifs féminins et masculins et le gel lubrifiant sont distribués gratuitement dans les unités de santé, les foyers, les Centres touristiques et autres. Renseignez-vous sur les points de distribution les plus proches.
• Se precisar de medicamentos contra o HIV (perdeu ou esqueceu), procure a unidade de saúde mais próxima, levando algum documento de identificação. Turista estrangeiro, informe-se com seu seguro de saúde (health insurance).	• If you need any HIV medication (lost or forgot), seek out the nearest healthcare unit and bring your ID document. Foreign tourists must contact their health insurance.	• Si necesita medicamentos contra el VIH (los perdió u olvidó), busque la unidad de salud más cercana, llevando algún documento de identificación. Turista extranjero, infórmese con su seguro de salud (health insurance).	• 如果您需要任何愛滋病藥物 （丟失或忘記），找到最近的醫療單位，並出示您的身份證。外國遊客必須聯繫其健康保險機構。	• إذا كنت تحتاج إلى أي علاج لفيروس العوز المناعي البشري (مفقود أم منسي)، فابحث عن أقرب وحدة رعاية صحيحة وأحضر وثائق تحديد الهوية الخاصة بك. يجب على السائحين الأجانب التواصل مع التأمين الصحي الخاص بهم.	• Если вам нужны лекарства против ВИЧ (свои вы потеряли или забыли), ищите ближайший медицинский пункт, и возьмите с собой какой-либо документ удостоверяющий личность. Иностранный турист, проконсультируйтесь о вашей страховке (медицинское страхование).	• Si vous avez besoin de médicaments contre le VIH (perdus ou oubliés), dirigez-vous vers l’unité de santé la plus proche, en emmenant des documents d’identification. Touristes étrangers, renseignez-vous auprès de votre assurance santé (assurance maladie).
LEMBRE-SE	REMEMBER	RECUERDE	記要	تذكر	Помните	N’oubliez pas
• Evite a infeção pelas hepatites virais. Se fizer tatuagens ou colocar piercing, escolha lugares com alvará/ licença sanitária expedida pela Vigilância Sanitária local. Exija essa certificação, se não estiver visível no local.	• Avoid viral hepatitis infections. If you are looking to get tattoos or piercings, always choose establishments duly licensed and certified by the local Health Regulatory agency. Demand to see the certificate if it is now visibly shown at the establishment.	• Evite la infección por hepatitis virales. Si se hace tatuajes o coloca piercing, opte por lugares con licencia sanitaria expedida por la Vigilancia Sanitaria local. Exija esa certificación, si no está visible en el local.	• 避免病毒性肝炎感染。如果您想要紋身或穿孔，總是選擇正式執業且由當地衛生監督部門認證的機構。如果當前在機構中可見，則要求查看此證書。	• تجنب الإصابة بعدوى التهاب الكبد الفيروسي. إذا كنت تنوي رسم وشم أو عمل ثقب، فاختر دائمًا مؤسسات مرخصة كما يجب ومعتمدة من قبل هيئة المراقبة الصحية المحلية. اطلب رؤية هذه الشهادة إذا ثبت هذا الأمر تمامًا في المؤسسة.	• Избегайте заражения вирусным гепатитом. Если вы хотите сделать татуировку или проколоть пирсинг, выбирайте места с разрешением/санитарной лицензией, выданной местный Органом Медицинского Надзора. Требуйте предъявления такого сертификата, если он его нет в заведении.	• Éviter l'infection par les hépatites virales. Si vous vous faites faire un tatouage ou un piercing, choisissez des lieux qui possèdent une licence/autorisation délivrée par la Vigilance sanitaire locale. Exiger cette certification, si elle n'est pas affichée sur le site.
• Exija que o material utilizado seja esterilizado ou descartável.	• Demand all materials to be duly sterilized or disposable.	• Exija que el material utilizado esté esterilizado o sea desechable.	• 要求對所有的材料適當消毒或使用一次性材料。	• اطلب تعقيم جميع المواد والتخلص منها كما ينبغي.	• Требуйте, чтобы используемый материал был простерилизован или одноразового использования.	• Exigez que le matériel utilisé soit stérilisé ou jetable.
• Não compartilhe seus objetos de uso pessoal, como alicates de cutícula, lâminas de barbear, escova de dente, agulhas e seringas com outras pessoas.	• Do not share personal objects, such as nail cutters, razors, tooth brushes, needles and syringes with others.	• No comparta sus objetos de uso personal, como alicates de cutícula, rastrillos, cepillo de dientes, agujas y jeringas con otras personas.	• 不與他人共用個人物品，如指甲刀、剃鬚刀、牙刷、針頭和注射器。	• تجنب التشارك في الأدوات الشخصية مع الآخرين، مثل آلات قطع الأظافر وشفرات الحلاقة وفرش الأسنان والإبر وسرنجات الحقن.	• Не делитесь вещами личного пользования, как щипчики, бритвы, зубные щетки, иглы и шприцы с другими.	• Ne partagez pas avec d’autres personnes vos effets personnels, tels que la pince à cuticules, les lames de rasoir, la brosse à dents, les aiguilles et les seringues.
• Se observar qualquer sinal ou sintoma, como corrimentos ou feridas, ou algum outro problema de saúde, procure orientação do profissional de saúde.	• If you notice any sign or symptom, such as any discharges or lesions, or any other health problem, seek out medical assistance.	• Si observa cualquier señal o síntoma, como secreciones o heridas, o algún otro problema de salud, busque orientación del profesional de salud.	• 如果您注意到任何跡象或症狀，如任何流膿或病變或任何其他的健康問題，則尋求醫療援助。	• إذا لاحظت ظهور أي علامة أو عرض، مثل أي إفرازات أو آفات، أو أي مشكلة صحية أخرى، فابحث عن مساعدة طبية.	• Если вы заметили какие-либо признаки или симптомы, такие как повреждения или раны, или какие-то другие проблемы со здоровьем, обратитесь за консультацией к специалисту в области здравоохранения.	• Si vous remarquez tout signe ou symptôme, comme des écoulements ou des plaies, ou tout autre problème de santé, informez-vous auprès d’un professionnel de la santé.
VOCÊ SABIA?	DID YOU KNOW?	¿SABÍA USTED?	您知道嗎？	هل كنت تعلم؟	Знаете ли вы?	Le saviez-vous ?
• Muitas pessoas vivem com o HIV e hepatites virais e não sabem.	• Many people live their lives without knowing that they are infected with HIV and viral hepatitis.	• Muchas personas viven con VIH y hepatitis virales y no lo saben.	• 很多人在生活中不知道自己感染了愛滋病毒和病毒性肝炎。	• يعيش العديد من الأشخاص حياتهم دون اكتشاف أنهم مصابون بفيروس العوز المناعي البشري والتهاب الكبد الفيروسي.	• Многие люди живут с ВИЧ и вирусным гепатитом и не знают об этом.	• De nombreuses personnes vivent avec le VIH et des hépatites virales et ne le savent pas.
• A única maneira de tomar conhecimento é fazendo o teste. Os testes anti-HIV e das hepatites são gratuitos e oferecidos na rede pública de saúde. Turista estrangeiro, informe-se com seu seguro de saúde (health insurance).	• The only way to know is by taking the test. Anti-HIV and hepatitis tests are provided free-of-charge in the public healthcare system. Foreign tourists must contact their health insurance.	• La única manera de enterarse es realizando la prueba. Las pruebas anti-VIH y de las hepatitis son gratuitas y se ofrecen en la red pública de salud. Turista extranjero, infórmese con su seguro de salud.	• 知道的唯一方法是檢驗。公共醫療系統中免費提供抗 HIV 和肝炎檢驗。外國遊客必須聯繫其健康保險機構。	• تتمثل الطريقة الوحيدة لاكتشاف ذلك في الخضوع إلى فحص. تتوفر الفحوصات المضادة لفيروس العوز المناعي البشري والتهاب الكبد الفيروسي بالمجان في نظام الرعاية الصحيحة العامة. يجب على السائحين الأجانب التواصل مع التأمين الصحي الخاص بهم.	• Единственный способ быть проинформированным это сдать анализы. Анализы на ВИЧ и гепатит делаются бесплатно и предлагаются в сети общественного здравоохранения. Иностранный турист, проконсультируйтесь о вашей страховке (медицинское страхование).	• La seule façon de le savoir est de faire un test. Les tests anti-VIH et des hépatites sont gratuits et offerts dans le réseau de santé publique. Touristes étrangers, renseignez-vous auprès de votre assurance santé (assurance maladie).
• Existe vacina para Hepatite B. Deve ser tomada em 3 doses em períodos diferentes. Informe-se onde está disponível.	• There is a vaccine for Hepatitis B, which must be taken in 3 doses at different times. Find out where this vaccine is available.	• Existe vacuna para la Hepatitis B. Debe ser tomada en 3 dosis en períodos diferentes. Infórmese dónde está disponible.	乙型肝炎有疫苗，必須在不同的時間接受三種劑量。找出這種疫苗在哪里可得到。	• يوجد لقاح للوقاية من التهاب الكبد الوبائي B، ويجب أخذه في صورة جرعات ثلاث وفي أوقات مختلفة. اكتشف أين يتوفر هذا اللقاح.	• Существует прививка против гепатита B. Следует принимать её в 3-х дозах в разное время. Узнайте, где это можно сделать.	• Il existe un vaccin contre l’hépatite B. Il doit être pris en 3 doses à différentes. Informez-vous pour savoir où il est disponible.
total	total	total	總數	مجموع	общий	total
Parabéns	Congratulations	Felicitaciones	祝賀	تهنئة	Поздравляю	Félicitations
As síndromes são conjuntos de manifestações clínicas comuns a um número de doenças, entre elas:	The syndromes are common sets of clinical manifestations to a number of diseases, including:	Los síndromes son grupos de manifestaciones clínicas comunces a una serie de enfermedades, que incluyen:	校正子是臨床表現的公共集的若干疾病，包括：	المتلازمات هي مجموعات مشتركة من المظاهر السريرية لعدد من الأمراض، بما في ذلك:	Синдромы являются общие наборы клинических проявлений ряда заболеваний, в том числе:	Les syndromes sont des ensembles communs de manifestations cliniques à un certain nombre de maladies, y compris:
Diarreica (febre e náusea ou vômito e diarreia, além de algum destes sintomas: dores no corpo ou dor de cabeça)	Diarrhea (fever and nausea or vomiting and diarrhea, as well as any of these symptoms: body aches or headache)	Diarreica (fiebre y náuseas o vómitos y diarrea, así como cualquiera de los siguientes síntomas: dolor en el cuerpo o dolor de cabeza)	腹瀉（發熱，噁心，嘔吐和腹瀉，以及這些症狀：身體疼痛或頭痛）	الإسهال (الحمى والغثيان أو القيء والإسهال، وكذلك أي من هذه الأعراض: أوجاع الجسم أو الصداع)	Диарея (лихорадка и тошнота или рвота и понос, а также любой из этих симптомов: боли в теле или головная боль)	Diarrhée (fièvre et des nausées ou des vomissements et la diarrhée, ainsi que l'un de ces symptômes: douleurs corporelles ou des maux de tête)
Respiratória (febre além de algum destes sintomas: tosse, dor de garganta ou falta de ar)	Respiratory (fever , and some of these symptoms: cough, sore throat or shortness of breath)	Respiratorias (fiebre y tos, y algunos de estos síntomas: dolor de garganta o dificultad para respirar)	呼吸道（發熱，咳嗽，和其中的一些症狀：咽部或氣短瘡）	الجهاز التنفسي (الحمى والسعال، وبعض من هذه الأعراض: التهاب الحلق أو ضيق في التنفس)	Дыхательная (лихорадка и кашель, и некоторые из этих симптомов: боль в горле или одышка)	Respiratoire (fiévre et toux et un ou plusieurs des symptomes suivants: mal à la gorge, essouflement)
Exantemática (manchas vermelhas no corpo, além de algum destes sintomas: febre ou dores no corpo ou dores nas juntas ou dor de cabeça ou coceira ou olhos vermelhos ou sangramento)	Rash (red spots on the body, and any of these symptoms: fever or body aches or joint pain or headache or itchy or red eyes or bleeding)	Erupción cutánea (manchas rojas en el cuerpo, y cualquiera de estos síntomas: fiebre o dolores en el cuerpo o dolor en las articulaciones o dolor de cabeza o picazón en los ojos o rojas o sangrado)	皮疹（在身上的紅色斑點，而這些症狀：發熱或全身酸痛或關節痛或頭痛，或癢或眼睛發紅或出血）	طفح جلدي (بقع حمراء على الجسم، وأي من هذه الأعراض: الحمى أو آلام في الجسم أو آلام المفاصل أو الصداع أو حكة	Сыпь (красные пятна на теле, и любой из этих симптомов: лихорадка или боли в теле или боли в суставах или головная боль или зуд или покраснение глаз или кровотечение)	Eruptions (Les taches rouges sur le corps, et un de ces symptômes: la fièvre ou des courbatures ou des douleurs articulaires ou des maux de tête ou les yeux qui piquent ou rouge ou des saignements)
Participe amanhã do Guardiões da Saúde para jogar novamente	Report in Guardians of Health tomorrow to play again	Participe mañana del Guardianes de Salud para volver a jugar	在健康衛士報告信息後明天可以再次玩遊戲	تاريخ الأوصياء الصحة الغد للعب مرة أخرى	Регистрация Здоровье Стражам завтрашние, чтобы играть снова	Connectez vous à l'application Gardiens de la santé demain pour jouer à nouveau